(Reuters) - Carlos Tevez sealed his move to Juventus on Wednesday after four controversy-filled years at Manchester City and was handed the unenviable task of trying to emulate club hero Alessandro Del Piero.Italian champions Juve announced his arrival with a picture of the Argentine striker holding up Del Piero's old number 10 jersey alongside club president Andrea Agnelli.A statement said he had reached a deal to sign a three-year-contract. There was no word on the transfer fee but media reports have put it at 12 million euros .60 million ."The Argentine is used to winning. He has done so wherever he has been," Juve's website (www. juventus .com) added.Del Piero spent almost 20 years at Juve, helping them win the 1996 Champions League and sticking by the club when they spent one season in Serie B in 2006/07 after being demoted for match-fixing .He left for Australia's Sydney FC last year having broken almost every Juve record in the book. Michel Platini and Roberto Baggio also famously wore Juve's number 10 shirt.Handing Tevez the ex-Italy striker's former shirt is a mark of intent from Juve, who have won the Serie A twice in a row without a big name forward but are now targeting renewed European glory.Coach Antonio Conte has rotated between any two of Sebastian Giovinco, Alessandro Matri, Mirko Vucinic and Fabio Quagliarella, who have shared the goals evenly between them.Matri could now be sacrificed to suitors AC Milan, who had been tracking Tevez.Earlier Tevez was whisked to Turin after hundreds of fans greeted him amid chaotic scenes at Milan's Malpensa airport.Television pictures showed Tevez being mobbed by fans before being taken back into the terminal by Juventus staff and put into a car via a side entrance.During his seven years in England the spotlight, whether positive or negative, was never far from the 29-year-old.Tevez, along with fellow Argentine Javier Mascherano, arrived at Premier League side West Ham United in 2006 from Brazilian club Corinthians and had an immediate impact. West Ham, struggling to remain in the top flight, were rescued from relegation by Tevez who scored the only goal in a win against Manchester United on the final day of the 2006-07 season.Despite the success of Tevez and Mascherano, their registrations were owned by third parties - a contravention of Premier League rules. West Ham were fined for their role in the transfer deals, but Tevez had worked his magic and was promptly on his way to Manchester United .At Old Trafford, Tevez helped the side to two league titles, the 2008 Champions League and 2008 FIFA Club World Cup .But his relationship with manager Alex Ferguson soured and he sealed a controversial move to United's arch-rivals Manchester City in July.Following his arrival, an infamous billboard stating 'Welcome to Manchester' with a picture of Tevez in a City shirt made his former employers at United boil.Tevez's first two seasons at City were highly productive and he wore the captain's armband during the 2011 FA Cup victory against Stoke City, which broke a barren run of 35 years without a major trophy for the club.Having previously handed in a transfer request to leave City, Tevez had a public falling out with manager Roberto Mancini in September 2011 when he refused to warm up as a substitute during a Champions League match against Bayern Munich.Fined two week's wages, Tevez returned to Argentina for almost four months where he was often pictured playing golf .It looked likely he would be sold in the January transfer window, but the talisman returned to England in February 2012 and contributed to Manchester City's first Premier League title in 44 years.Tevez scored 17 goals in his final season at the club last term as their hopes of retaining the title faded and he faced off-field drama following his admission of driving while disqualified and without insurance .With Tevez entering the final year of a lucrative contract and new manager Manuel Pellegrini at the helm, City were keen to reduce a sky rocketing wage bill to comply with UEFA's financial fair play rules and avoid a potential free transfer.His departure could open the door for a new arrival such as Napoli's Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani, with City having already recruited Jesus Navas and Fernandinho in the close season.
NASA, in preparation for a spacewalk on Saturday, has devised makeshift snorkels that would allow an astronaut in a spacesuit to continue breathing even if a sudden water leak should fill the helmet, as happened to an Italian astronaut who almost drowned in July.Two astronauts, Col. Michael S. Hopkins of the Air Force and Richard A. Mastracchio, are to step out of an air lock on the International Space Station at:10 a.m. Eastern time in the first of at least two spacewalks aimed at replacing a malfunctioning pump module that is part of the space station's cooling system.Koichi Wakata, a Japanese astronaut, will be operating a robotic arm from inside the station to assist with the repairs.Colonel Hopkins will be wearing the same spacesuit — No. 3011 — that leaked in July. During that spacewalk, water partly filled the helmet. The astronaut in the suit then, Luca Parmitano, was able to hurry back to safety, but not before water covered his eyes and blocked his nostrils.Engineers found that contamination had clogged one of the suit's filters, causing water from the suit's cooling system to back up. Those parts have been replaced, and tests have indicated no lingering problems. Officials admit to some uneasiness, however, because the source and cause of the contamination remain unknown.NASA had planned to send a replacement spacesuit to the station. But on Dec. 11, a valve controlling one of two loops of circulating ammonia that cool equipment on the space station malfunctioned. When attempts to control the ammonia flow using a different valve proved inadequate, space station managers decided to send the astronauts out on the spacewalks.Engineers have devised low-tech countermeasures in case water again floods into a helmet.An absorbent pad installed in the back of the helmet can hold 20 to 27 ounces, or about 600 to 800 grams, of water. The astronauts will periodically tilt their heads back to check if the pads have become "squishy."In addition, station crew members made improvised snorkels out of available materials: plastic tubing and Velcro. The tubes will extend from the helmet down into the chest area of the spacesuit. If water is encroaching on the astronaut's face, "this is your last resort," said Allison Bolinger, the lead spacewalk officer . "The crew member can lean down and use this to breathe, to receive fresh oxygen down near his midsection."During Saturday's spacewalk, which is expected to last about six and a half hours, Colonel Hopkins and Mr. Mastracchio will disconnect cables to the pump module and open up the insulation that covers it.The ammonia pump itself is operating normally, but the ammonia has been too cold because of the problem with the valve, which controls the temperature. That led to the shutdown of an internal cooling loop of circulating water, to stop the cold ammonia from freezing the water.There is no immediate danger to the station's six crew members, but the station would be in more serious trouble if the other ammonia loop malfunctioned.On the second spacewalk, planned for Monday, the astronauts will replace the 780-pound pump module with a spare one. If necessary, a third spacewalk would take place on Wednesday.
If professional pride and strong defiance can save the neck of a soccer team manager, then Tottenham Hotspur might just have made its point against Manchester United on Sunday.The game was cast as high noon at White Hart Lane .The British news media and the bookmakers had concocted their usual seasonal head hunt of Premier League managers and coaches in time for Christmas.One betting company, William Hill, forecast that Spurs Manager André Villas-Boas would "be gone by midnight on Sunday."It is a game of casual brutality. The coaches are given survival odds similar to turkeys' at this time of year.And bookmakers who complain about illegal betting and attempts to fix matches have their own league table of the doomed coaches.Before Spurs held United to a tenacious and well-deserved 2-2 draw, the shortest odds in this very odd game held that Villas-Boas, then Fulham Manager Martin Jol and Norwich City's Chris Hughton were the men targeted by the public's bets. Fulham's new owner, Shahid Khan, did dismiss Jol on Sunday night, but others are holding their fire."The team's response today was good," Villas-Boas said on television moments after the final whistle ."I am extremely happy with the response of the players after the setback against Manchester City," he said, referring to the 6-0 capitulation of his team in Manchester the previous weekend."There is obviously an agenda; it's pretty clear," Villas-Boas continued. "But the players showed strength of character, great team spirit, and with a not bad result against the Premier League champion, they deserve respect."Yes, they do.Respect, and perhaps a period of patience and understanding from the Tottenham board, which authorized the sale three months ago of the team's star, Gareth Bale, and spent 110 million pounds, or $180 million, on seven new players, all from other countries and none with any experience in the English league .Whether Villas-Boas, or Spurs' new technical director, the Italian Franco Baldini, is principally responsible for choosing those imported players is not clear.But it is Villas-Boas who must integrate them into a team capable of at least finishing in the top four places in England, thus qualifying for the holy grail of the Champions League .So far, so uncertain.Before the collapse at City, Spurs had looked solid but unexciting. Tottenham fans demand more. Their motto is Glory, Glory.They expect soccer with a swagger; they accept defeat provided it comes in an adventurous way. Villas-Boas is a careful student of coaching theory, and a cautious man in terms of setting up a team first and foremost to be hard to defeat.His predecessor, Harry Redknapp, was the opposite, a swashbuckling coach, a man whose forte was instinct and who dared to risk everything on an attacking game.Led in the attack by Wayne Rooney, who scored his team's goals, one from the penalty spot, United arrived unbeaten in 11 matches, and with a 5-0 away victory over Bayer Leverkusen fresh in the memory. Spurs took the lead after 18 minutes when Paulinho, one of their Brazilians, won a free kick just outside the penalty box . Kyle Walker fired a fierce low shot straight at the defensive wall supposedly protecting the goalkeeper. To a man, everyone in that line jumped, and the shot passed beneath them into the goal.Walker, though, was guilty of a hapless error in handing the initiative back to United a quarter of an hour later.He allowed a swinging cross from Phil Jones to bounce off his shin, and Rooney was in like a piranha to reach the ball ahead of Sandro 6 yards out. That was Rooney's 163rd goal in the Premier League, tying him with Robbie Fowler for fifth in league history.But Spurs wrested the initiative back early in the second half when Sandro struck a shot from 20 yards that was beautiful in its violence .The ball rose off his right foot, swerved in midair and curled inside the far top corner of the net at a pace such that no goalkeeper could have intercepted it.Now would Tottenham consolidate its advantage? Could it hold on for its first victory over United in London since?Not even for five minutes. Spurs goalie Hugo Lloris, who sustained a concussion during a home game last month, made a rash error of judgment, diving to grab the leg of United's Danny Welbeck as he strode through.A definite penalty kick, and one that Rooney smacked with uncompromising force straight down the center of the goal.That, for all the efforts of both sides and for all the intrigue, was the final swing of the pendulum. The draw was just, and Spurs' Walker made a promise:"We've bought a lot of players, good players," he said, adding: "It might take a bit of time, but I've every faith in the players and the gaffer. We'll be up there at the finish, I guarantee it."All bets are off, then.
Admittedly, the language is reconstructed and from a foreign tongue, but the facts are the facts. In September, in Bolzano, Italy, Saimir Pirgu, an 18-year-old music student fresh from Albania, knocked on the door of the Convitto Rainerum, a home for students in their late teens run by the Society of St . Francis de Sales. Seeking work and shelter, he was told that he was too old and too Albanian.Leaving home, the young Mr. Pirgu had told his parents, both employed in metal production, that he had been admitted to the Conservatorio Claudio Monteverdi in Bolzano to continue with violin, and this was true. He had also told them that he had won a scholarship, and this was not. As expected, his slender savings ran out within a day or two. So he stood his ground, and the Salesians took him in.Mr. Pirgu, who is now 31 and a tenor with an international career, made his Metropolitan Opera debut in 2009 as the peripheral boyfriend Rinuccio in Puccini's "Gianni Schicchi," whose microaria can stop the show. On Thursday he returns as Alfredo Germont in Verdi's "Traviata," a straight arrow from the country bedazzled by the consumptive Parisian courtesan Violetta Valéry.As a boy in the Balkans, Mr. Pirgu wanted to play piano, but he had a good ear, so the Communist commissars assigned him to the violin. He discovered what was to become his true calling in his midteens."Whenever anyone important died, our national TV station reran 'The Three Tenors' all day," he said last fall in San Francisco, where he was making his debut as the hothead Tebaldo in Bellini's "Capuleti e i Montecchi." "Who knows why? When I was 14 or, I recorded them on tape off our TV set. The sound was terrible, but it was good enough for me. I tried to imitate them, but it was impossible. My voice was changing. I had no high notes."Once in Bolzano, Mr. Pirgu made good at his new home — helping in the kitchen as other lodgers did — and at school, where he was soon advised to switch majors . "Sing," the voice teacher Vito Maria Brunetti told him. "In a year you'll be a singer.""And I was," Mr. Pirgu said. In, the year he graduated, he also aced competitions honoring the memory of Enrico Caruso and Tito Schipa, tenor paragons of yesteryear.As exotic monikers go, Mr. Pirgu's — pronounced SIGH-mere PEER-goo — poses no great challenge. For now, though, a lot of opera fans just settle for "the Albanian tenor." As the crow flies his homeland lies a mere 45 miles across the Strait of Otranto from the heel of the boot of Italy, but for many in the West it might as well be the dark side of the moon."People ask me if we're Slavs," Mr. Pirgu said. "We're not. We Albanians are a race as old as the Greeks and Romans. People ask if I'm Muslim . I'm not. St . Peter passed through Albania on his way to Rome. We're completely Catholic. We're a small people, just three and a half million, and we were folded into the Ottoman Empire for five centuries, but we never lost our language and traditions."" La Traviata " is Violetta's opera, and some tenors sniff at Alfredo as a second banana. Mr. Pirgu has a real affinity for the character and loves his music. (Besides, Violetta echoes three of his big tunes.) "Alfredo is young, appassionato, a little provincial," he said. "And compared to the Western world Albania is kind of a provincial place. I'm not so naïve as him, but when I love, I love with passion. I wish the end were different for Alfredo and Violetta. I love happy endings. But Verdi, the genius, knew better than me."Conducted by Yannick Nézet-Séguin, the Met "Traviata" revival stars Diana Damrau, following her triumph in the company's "Rigoletto." The tenor Plácido Domingo, who began a decade-long Met run as Alfredo in, appears as Alfredo's sanctimonious baritone father.By now Mr. Domingo has had several occasions to assess his younger colleague. As general director of the Los Angeles Opera, Mr. Domingo has presented Mr. Pirgu in "Gianni Schicchi" (directed by Woody Allen ) and Mozart's "Così Fan Tutte," with Donizetti's "Lucia di Lammermoor" coming next season. In Paris the two teamed up as rivals — one a pretty face, one a poet, both heart-on-sleeve tenors — in Franco Alfano's "Cyrano de Bergerac."
 PALERMO, Sicily — Roberta Vinci beat top-seeded fellow Italian Sara Errani, 3-6, 6-3 on Sunday to win the Italiacom Open for the first time.The second-seeded Vinci was broken in the first game, but she broke back twice before serving out the opening set . Errani, who won this tournament in 2008 and, raced into a 5-1 lead in the second set.But Vinci went ahead 4-0 in the final set and then held off the sixth-ranked Errani's comeback attempt to secure her ninth career victory.The win also ends a streak of five straight victories for Errani over her close friend and doubles partner.
Spain's big two soccer teams face a pair of Italian giants in the Champions League this week, as A.C. Milan aims to end a recent bad record against Barcelona and Juventus seeks to hold back Real Madrid .With 10 points widely accepted as the magic number that usually puts a team through to the knockout stage of Europe's elite club competition, seven of the eight group leaders can get within a point of that with victories in this third round of games.Among them are the Group F pacesetter Arsenal, which hosts last season's runner-up, Borussia Dortmund, on Tuesday, and the titleholder, Bayern Munich, which entertains the team at the bottom of Group D, Viktoria Plzen, on Wednesday.The week's most eye-catching fixture, though, is Tuesday's Group H encounter at San Siro stadium, with A.C. Milan and Barcelona meeting for a third season in a row.The Spaniards triumphed, 4-2, on aggregate in last season's round of, and the two teams also met in the group stage the year before, with Barcelona winning, 3-2, in Italy and the teams drawing in Spain, 2-2.The match provides the Italians with not just a chance of revenge but also the possibility of going above their rivals in the Group H standings, where Gerardo Martino's team leads with a perfect six points out of two matches and Milan is in second, with four points.In Group B, Real Madrid is already four points clear of second-place Juventus before hosting them on Wednesday, and while Carlo Ancelotti's men warmed up with a 2-0 victory over Málaga in La Liga over the weekend, the Italians lost, 4-2, at Fiorentina ."Madrid are arguably one of the most ambitious teams," Juventus manager Antonio Conte, whose club were continental champions in 1985 and, was quoted as saying on the UEFA Web site ."We're facing a club that really want this title, because of their history and their hunt for a 10th European Cup," he said. "I think it will be a nice challenge for us to go and compete with them at the Santiago Bernabéu, as well as at home. It will tell us how well our development is going."In one of two Anglo-German meetings, Arsenal hosts Dortmund, and the Gunners' sharpest weapon, Mesut Özil, will be very familiar to the visitors.The German international used to play for Dortmund's bitter rivals, Schalke, and he has been in fine form since his move to North London, netting twice in Saturday's 4-1 victory over Norwich City ."Özil has taken Arsenal up a level," Dortmund coach Jürgen Klopp told the British newspaper The Sun. "His tactical ability for offensive football is perfect, and that's what" Arsenal coach Arsène Wenger wants.Klopp will be serving the second game of his two-match touchline ban, which was imposed for an outburst during Dortmund's 2-1 loss to Napoli in their Group F opener last month.Arsenal's Premier League rival, Chelsea, travels to Özil's old club, Schalke, on Tuesday, hoping to catch up with the Group E leaders, who have six points to three for José Mourinho's second-place team. Mourinho is, like Klopp, no stranger to angry eruptions at officials, having been dismissed from the touchline in his side's 4-1 victory over Cardiff City on Saturday.In Group G, Zenit St . Petersburg forward Hulk is preparing to head back to his old side, Porto, on Tuesday, while the leader of the group, Atlético Madrid, travels to Austria Wien having dropped its first La Liga points over the weekend.The Premier League clubs Manchester United and Manchester City will be aiming on Wednesday to make amends for dropped points, with David Moyes's side hosting Real Sociedad in Group A and Manuel Pellegrini's men traveling to CSKA Moscow in Group D.
The Argentine soccer club San Lorenzo completed a stunning revival Sunday night, clinching its first title since 2007 and prompting some to speculate about divine intervention.Eighteen months ago, San Lorenzo, one of Argentina's big five soccer teams, was on the brink of relegation to the second division. It kept its hopes alive on the final day of the season before winning a playoff to remain in the top tier .This year has been much better. The club's most prominent supporter — a Catholic cardinal named Jorge Mario Bergoglio — became Pope Francis in March. Pope Francis is a lifelong fan of the club, which was founded by a priest more than a century ago, and used to attend matches as a boy. In August, the club made Pope Francis an honorary member.On Sunday night, San Lorenzo played a scoreless draw with Vélez Sarsfield to win the first half of the 2013-14 Argentine season, called the Torneo Inicial, by 2 points."What joy!" exclaimed the pope on hearing the news, according to news media reports in Italy. San Lorenzo has undergone a minor revolution since September, when Matías Lammens took charge as the team president. He addressed the club's poor finances and embarked on a successful membership drive. A municipal law was passed allowing the club to return to the site of its original stadium, a longstanding dream of the fans and a move that Francis reportedly favored.Lammens also appointed Juan Antonio Pizzi as the coach. Pizzi guided San Lorenzo to its 12th domestic league title, though the most devoted fans will no doubt claim he had a helping hand.
Bryce Petty had to wait behind a Heisman Trophy winner and then another record-setting quarterback for his turn at Baylor .In the moments after the No. 6 Bears won their first Big 12 championship and a Fiesta Bowl berth with a decisive victory over Texas, the tears started flowing for the fourth-year junior."Words really couldn't describe the way that I felt, and the way this team has felt," Petty said. "I kind of just started crying uncontrollably, and I don't really do that much. But it's just been a process and it's the fact that when you put your trust in God and he's faithful, things work out. ... I have waited a long time for this."Petty, who has thrown for,844 yards with 30 touchdowns and only two interceptions in his first season starting after waiting behind Robert Griffin III and Nick Florence, was named Monday as the AP Big 12 offensive player of the year.The private school in the Big, the world's largest Baptist university, had never even had a winning season in the league before coach Art Briles arrived six years ago . The Bears' last outright league title before Saturday had been in the Southwest Conference in.Joining Petty on the first-team offense are two teammates who were also unanimous picks at their positions — Antwan Goodley, the Big 12 leader with.9 yards receiving per game, and Cyril Richardson, the 6-foot, 340-pound guard likely to be a top NFL draft pick in April. Big 12 rushing leader Lache Seastrunk was also a first-team pick for the Bears ."He's sat behind some great quarterbacks, he's learned a lot," Goodley said of Petty. "It's showing on the field. He's a great leader."Jackson Jeffcoat, who has a Big 12-leading 12 sacks and whose 75 tackles are the most by a Texas defensive end in 19 seasons, was picked as the Big 12 defensive player in the balloting by 20 media members who cover the league on a regular basis.Jeffcoat got 11 of 20 votes for top defensive player . TCU defensive back Jason Verrett, the only other unanimous first-team pick on defense, and Oklahoma State defensive back Justin Gilbert each got three votes.Petty, who also ran for 11 touchdowns for a Baylor team that has scored 53 points a game, got 18 of 20 votes for top offensive player . The other two went to Texas Tech's Jace Amaro, the unanimous choice for tight end after leading the league with.2 catches per game and ranking third with.3 yards per game .With Amaro and offensive lineman Le'Raven Clark, the Red Raiders are the only team other than Baylor with multiple first-team picks among the starting 11 on offense. Baylor, which will play UCF in the Fiesta Bowl on Jan. 1, had a league -high six players who were first-team picks, including the offensive quartet. The Bears' other first-team picks are linebacker Eddie Lackey and punter Spencer Roth.Seastrunk, the former Oregon transfer, was the league's top offensive newcomer last year and now the first Baylor running back with two,000-yard seasons. Even after getting hurt early in the Oklahoma game and missing two games after that, Seastrunk has,060 yards rushing (106 per game) with 11 touchdowns. Kansas State receiver Tyler Lockett, who has 71 catches for,146 yards and eight TDs while averaging.5 yards on kickoff returns, was selected a first-team pick as a receiver and all-purpose player.Richardson and Oklahoma senior center Gabe Ikard are first-team picks on offense for the second year in a row.Verrett, Oklahoma defensive back Aaron Colvin and Kansas State defensive back Ty Zimmerman are first-team repeaters on defense. Oklahoma State had a league -high three first-team picks on defense with defensive lineman Calvin Barnett, linebacker Caleb Lavey and Gilbert.The Big 12 offensive newcomer of the year is West Virginia senior running back Charles Sims, who transferred to the Mountaineers for his final year of eligibility after graduating in May from Houston . The second-team pick at running back ran for,095 yards and 11 TDs with three more scores while tying for the team lead with 45 catches. Oklahoma freshman linebacker Dominique Alexander, who has 75 tackles, was picked the top defensive newcomer. He had 19 tackles in his first career start against Texas .The AP will name its Big 12 coach of the year Tuesday.
ROME — The work was by Verdi. Three fine young singers held the Rome Opera's stage. But the spotlight, one night last month, was unmistakably on the maestro in the pit, Riccardo Muti.And not just figuratively. It might have been a trick of the gloomy lighting of Werner Herzog's production of "I Due Foscari," but at the opening-night performance two spotlights trained on the conductor's stand seemed at times to illuminate Mr. Muti more than anybody else, casting a sheen on his jet-black mane.Theater officials said they had not noticed, and Mr. Muti said he had nothing to do with the lighting. But this is not the only way Mr. Muti, 71, looms large at the Teatro Dell'Opera di Roma . His prestige and musical gravitas have helped resurrect this once down-at-heel theater and nudge it back toward former glory.The Muti Effect has led to full houses, a much-improved orchestra and the first invitation for the Rome Opera to perform this summer at the prestigious Salzburg Festival in Austria. Foreign critics are paying attention, and the local ones are kvelling. ("One of the most beautiful evenings of my life," the cantankerous Paolo Isotta of Corriere Della Sera gushed about "Foscari.")Mr. Muti's presence has produced an oasis of labor peace in the notoriously strike -plagued world of Italian opera, at least for the time being, and a measure of protection for the government subsidies on which performing-arts institutions here depend.For Mr. Muti the theater has become a metaphor for how Italy can actually work in a landscape gripped by political gridlock, bureaucratic tangle and economic crisis ."It's an island in this mess," he said over lunch several days after the "Foscari" opening. "In a city so difficult like Rome the opera house is an island of artistic discipline and good will. This is a sign of hope. Nothing is completely lost."Mr. Muti's journey to the Rome Opera began in, when he left the Teatro Alla Scala in Milan, where he was master for nearly two decades. It was an ugly affair, a result of soured relationships and political infighting .And it left Mr. Muti without an Italian operatic anchor. The mayor of Rome, then the left-leaning Walter Veltroni, soon asked him to conduct at the Rome Opera, and he began with a production of Verdi's "Otello" in."I accepted to give a hand," Mr. Muti said. "My relationship with the musicians was immediately strong and constructive." But he had just agreed to take the job of music director at the Chicago Symphony Orchestra, and he declined to add a full-time post in Rome ."I couldn't do it justice," he said. The next mayor, the center-right Giovanni Alemanno, and the new superintendent of the opera company, Catello De Martino, continued the courtship, even traveling to Salzburg to lobby Mr. Muti for an increased role."I said I cannot be music director, but if you want me to be more attached, you have to find a formula," Mr. Muti said. They negotiated the title "honorary conductor for life," which entails no administrative duties but the promise of his musical involvement. For Mr. Muti the relationship means he has a home to prepare operas in a deeper, more detailed way than is possible as a guest conductor flitting from house to house.His presence is inescapable. The opening pages of the handsome hardcover program guide for "Foscari" feature advertisements for Mr. Muti's new book on Verdi and a recent recording. The top name in the administrative hierarchy is his, above that of Mayor Alemanno, who is chairman of the board . At the performance, the loudest applause was reserved for Mr. Muti."I am not encouraging my ego," Mr. Muti said. "I have the courage to say what I think."He generally conducts two operas and a concert each season in Rome, although because of the Verdi anniversary in, the 200th of his birth, this season Mr. Muti will have done three: "Simon Boccanegra" last fall, "Foscari," and "Nabucco" in the summer.Mr. De Martino also claims a hand in the company's resurrection, which company members say has its roots in the previous administration . Under his stewardship, the superintendent said, a deficit of $14 million in 2008 has been eliminated. Expanded performances at the Baths of Caracalla ruins have raised income . Ticket sales rose to a predicted.6 million this season from.9 million in. The opera has started a summer youth orchestra and choral academy to go with its existing ballet school, as well as programs to serve schoolchildren.A higher caliber of guest conductors seem to pass through, orchestra members say. This season they included James Conlon and Charles Dutoit."The dream is being realized, to bring this theater back to its importance," Mr. De Martino said.
PARIS — Wild card Gael Monfils confirmed there is never a dull moment when he takes part in the French Open by upsetting Czech fifth seed Tomas Berdych in a first-round marathon at Roland Garros on Monday.The Frenchman, whose career has been recently plagued by a knee injury, prevailed 7-6 6-4 6-7 6-7 7-5 in front of an ecstatic Court Philippe Chatrier after four hours three minutes.The result marked a spectacular reverse in fortune for Berdych, who reached the Madrid Masters last four by beating world number one Novak Djokovic in the quarter-finals .Former world number seven Monfils, who started his freefall in the ATP rankings when he pulled out of last year's French Open, is no stranger to upsets and prolonged ties at his home slam.In, the Parisian played into the night, until almost 10 o'clock against Italian Fabio Fognini in a second-round match which he lost the following day after more than four hours of tennis.Two years ago, Monfils toyed with David Ferrer's nerves and beat him 8-6 in the fifth set to reach the last eight.In, it was Andy Roddick who lost his temper, complaining to the umpire that it was too dark to play and, after both were forced to continue playing, Monfils sealed a fourth-round win in straight sets as dusk settled.On Monday Monfils did not wait for the dark."It's magical here, it's a place where I feel good, where I manage to transcend myself," Monfils, who saw off four break points in the decider, told a news conference .Asked how he pulled it off, the Frenchman said: "My only answer is I worked. I worked. And I believed in myself."I have gone through very difficult moments, so necessarily, you know, you get tougher."Berdych barely offered an explanation for his performance."If you're asking for (what made) the difference, then I think that, well, I had one chance in the fifth set," he said."I didn't make it. He made one, so he made it. That's absolutely what was the difference between us today."The result capped a good day for Frenchmen as Richard Gasquet, Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Julien Benneteau also advanced into the second round. Seventh seed Gasquet produced a classy performance to dismiss Ukraine's Sergiy Stakhovsky, while Tsonga, the sixth seed, made light work of Slovenian Aljaz Bedene.Benneteau, the 30th seed, survived a minor scare to see off Lithuanian Ricardas Berankis.
VENICE — With a substantial crop of U.S. productions in this year's Venice film festival, there should be no lack of glamour on the Lido. Sandra Bullock and George Clooney, the stars of Alfonso Cuarón's "Gravity" will be joining the director on the red carpet on the opening night .On subsequent evenings at the Palazzo del Cinema, other star vehicles should guarantee the presence of Scarlett Johansson, Nicolas Cage, Judi Dench, Daniel Radcliffe, Zac Efron, Paul Giamatti, Christoph Waltz and Alan Rickman.The event this year will also be notable for the appearance of documentaries in competition with feature films, the virtual disappearance of Chinese-language movies from the lists and a burgeoning new category of restored classics."We've had a record number of submissions and the quality was even better than last year," Alberto Barbera, the festival's artistic director, said in an interview at his office in the Palazzo del Cinema on the Lido. "So with a larger number of worthwhile films, it has been even harder to make choices.""We hope there will be a real sense of variety in this year's in-competition list," he added. "There are established filmmakers, but there are also many newer ones, with a radical approach to content and aesthetics."There may be a logjam of big budget American action movies in the multiplexes this summer, but Mr. Barbera said that he had encountered no problems in finding alternative U.S. productions to show. Of the 20 films in competition, seven are American, with 16 full-length American films across the three main categories."Yes, there is a hefty U.S. presence in these categories, but this reflects the output of good films both by the studios and the independents," Mr. Barbera said.While the presence of animated films on the Venice in-competition list is now well established, the inclusion this year of two documentaries is a departure."There has been a crossover between feature films and documentaries for a long time. Feature films have been using documentary techniques and vice versa ." Mr. Barbera said, "So there is not the rigid division between genres that there once was and it is clearly time to recognize this in the programming of categories at film festivals ." Chinese films have enjoyed notable success in Venice over the past decade, with Chinese productions carrying off the Golden Lion in two consecutive years : Zhangke Jia's "Still Life" in 2006 and Ang Lee's "Lust, Caution" in. In, six Chinese features made it into the main categories but this year there is only one Chinese-language, full-length feature in competition, and one short in the "Horizons" category."The situation has changed enormously in China," Mr. Barbera said. "There are more and more films but fewer and fewer of them are suitable for a festival like ours. There's been a huge shift to producing mass-market films for home consumption. Technically they're brilliant and can compare with anything being made anywhere in the world — but the content is not exportable and they don't travel abroad .""Independent cinema in China is in crisis," he added. "Smaller films are finding it more and more difficult to get into the market, they simply can't find distribution . Of the few more interesting films that we are aware were in production, none of them was going to be ready in time for Venice."Mr. Barbera has been the director of the Italian National Museum of Cinema in Turin since. Prominent among the initiatives he instituted on returning as the artistic director at Venice last year was a new section called "Venezia Classici," or Venetian Classics, devoted to the screening of restored movie classics from around the world. The first edition comprised 19 features and nine documentaries . This year, there will be 29 features and 11 documentaries on various aspects of film history."Audiences were very enthusiastic about this last year and it's made us more ambitious this year," Mr. Barbera said. "So we've been in contact with around 100 film companies and archives all over the world to invite submissions.""A lot of young people have not had the chance to see these productions and they really need to be able to experience them if they are to understand the development of film as an art form," he added. "And the film companies have finally realized how important their backlists are and have been investing a lot in restoring classic films . They have also discovered that they can be successfully shown in cinemas, as well as selling well in the DVD and Blu-ray market ."
In 1925 Paul Hindemith wrote a short piece for string quartet that — when played well — provides seven minutes of some of the most excruciatingly painful music ever to offend the ear. Its title, rendered in English, is "Overture to the 'Flying Dutchman' as Played on Sight by a Bad Spa Orchestra by the Village Well at 7 in the Morning," and if you're a devoted Wagner fan you might want to stop reading now.In Wagner's original, the gleaming heroism of the horn motif is pitted against foaming strings evoking the stormy force of nature and the pitiless power of fate. If there's heroism in Hindemith's version, it's that of a hung-over group of second-rate musicians hurling themselves against the technical challenges of a score that is already unfairly reduced from its full orchestral version.The resulting mistakes are carefully written out. Players overshoot octaves resulting in squeaky ninths; rapidly repeated tremolando notes that add urgency to the orchestral score are rendered through dogged sawing; pizzicato passages trip over themselves in haplessly imprecise rhythms. The chromatic up and down scales with which Wagner paints the swirling stormy seas are slurred into haphazard glissandos because, really, who can be bothered to articulate all those notes?At one point the players give up on Wagner altogether, launching into a jolly waltz before steering the Dutchman into his final, utterly dissonant port.On April 28 the Jasper String Quartet will cast aside its customary aesthetic standards when it performs Hindemith's "Dutchman" at Weill Recital Hall as part of a Yale in New York concert devoted to "Hindemith: Master and Prankster." Hindemith, who died 50 years ago this December, was a serious composer and one of the 20th century's most influential. A prodigious writer who often dashed off a composition between stations on a train journey, he left a catalog cluttered with occasional pieces and musical jokes, among them the mock military string quartet "Minimax," named after a brand of fire extinguisher, which will also be part of the concert.But the subversive humor of Hindemith's "Dutchman" parody, which he wrote at age, when he was concertmaster of the Frankfurt Opera orchestra and an administrator of the avant-garde Donaueschingen Festival, runs deeper. Wagner, after all, stood for an ideal of German culture that was especially politicized in the humiliating aftermath of the Versailles Treaty.Hindemith, who served in the army in the last year of World War I and whose middle-aged father died on the Western Front, was deeply disillusioned with German militarism and the rhetoric of national heroism. He felt the mystical pull of Wagner's music and viewed it with wary skepticism.In, Hindemith, then, and a few friends created a fictitious music conservatory named Abtsroda. In a "newsletter" Hindemith reported on its newly completed festival theater, a sort of über-Bayreuth, fronted by a Gothic portal, whose interior was entirely taken up by a stage and orchestra pit and left no space for any audience. Here, the Gesamtkunstwerk of Wagner's vision — opera as ideal fusion of the arts — has effectively cannibalized the artist as it becomes a self-sufficient machine.In the margins of the forward-looking "Sketch of a New Aesthetic of Music," a 1907 manifesto by the Italian composer, theorist and war critic Feruccio Busoni in which he proposed silence as the most effective transcendental device in contemporary music, Hindemith jotted down an idea for a work that would take the anti-Wagnerian position to its logical extreme: a symphony made up entirely of pauses and fermatas. This in, 36 years before John Cage's "4'." "Within a year Hindemith had penned a Tristan parody, "Todtmoosiana," in which the lovers' erotic intoxication is translated into a student drinking binge in the Black Forest . He also provided incidental music for a parody of "Lohengrin" by Friedrich Huch, a writer who satirized Wagner in a series of puppet plays and a novel. These plays dismantled "Wagner's prophetic aura and his music's seductive allure through cruel travesty and grotesque humor, pricking the pomposity of Wagner's Schopenhauerian metaphysics," the musicologist Joel Haney has written of Hindemith's puppet opera "Das Nusch-Nuschi." That work, written in, is a one-act burlesque opera about a cuckolded Burmese emperor in which Hindemith appropriated some of the more sublime music from Wagner's " Tristan und Isolde" for jokes about castration and cuckoldry.Contemporary critics were aghast. One reviewer called it "a desecration of our artistic sanctuaries" in which "everything holy to us is dragged through the mud in an un-German spirit.""How long," the reviewer finally wondered, "will we Germans allow such things to be done to us?"Not much longer, as it happened. With the Nazis' rise to power, artists who dared to deflate the nationalistic self-importance of Wagner with humor began to face persecution . The composer Hans Pfitzner, writing in, not only blamed such irreverence for the "impotence" of contemporary German music, but even held it responsible for the country's defeat in World War I. From there it was a short step to Pfitzner's arguing for German culture to separate itself from sabotaging "Jewish international forces ."In a cultural landscape that, as Mr. Haney writes, "pitted self-appointed guardians of German cultural purity against those championing a broader vision of international renewal," Hindemith was on the losing side. After years of uneasy attempts at accommodation, Hindemith and his wife, whose father was Jewish, found themselves included in the Nazis' notorious 1937 exhibition of "degenerate art," and they left Germany. By 1940 they had moved to the United States, and Hindemith began a teaching sojourn at Yale the following year.There, he became more guarded. Willie Ruff, a jazz bassist and hornist who began studying with Hindemith in, said he rarely saw his teacher's humorous side."That went on between him and the other professors," he said in a telephone interview . "He did write funny postcards and Christmas cards. And he wrote a little opera for a chorus up here of his fellow professors, and it was a great success. But I seldom saw him smile."He was as serious as an open grave."
CRANS-SUR-SIERRE, Switzerland — Anirban Lahiri of India shot 8-under 63 Thursday for a two-stroke lead at the European Masters, while 13-year-old Ye Wo-cheng of China finished with a.The 178th-ranked Lahiri had two eagles, five birdies and a bogey on the 13th hole in the Swiss Alps sunshine and led Miguel Angel Jimenez of Spain and Englishmen Paul Casey and Tommy Fleetwood. Thomas Bjorn, the 2011 champion from Denmark, shot 66 to stand alone at 5 under.The teenager Ye had a double bogey on three of his first four holes after starting his round at the 10th.Last year, Lahiri followed an opening 66 on the Severiano Ballesteros course at Crans-sur-Sierre club with an 81 and missed the halfway cut."It's nice to be back with a bang," Lahiri said. "Obviously, a tough pill to swallow last year and I have learned a lot from that."He is a three-time career winner on the Asian Tour, which jointly sanctions the Swiss event with the European Tour . Jose Maria Olazabal of Spain, the winning Europe Ryder Cup captain last year, was among six players on 4 under. The highest ranked player in the field, No. 31 Matteo Manassero of Italy, was tied at 1 under by three-time major winner Padraig Harrington of Ireland.
 MIAMI — The first order of business, after the most soul-crushing defeat in San Antonio Spurs history, was dinner.They gathered after midnight at a local Italian restaurant, players, coaches, staff members and their families, everyone shellshocked after the championship was ripped from the Spurs' embrace Tuesday night . The stinging images of a 103-100 overtime loss to the Miami Heat were still fresh — the free throws they missed, the rebounds that eluded them, the possessions that slipped away, denying the Spurs a fifth title and extending these N.B.A. finals to a seventh game on Thursday.As they all parsed the details, Coach Gregg Popovich moved from table to table, squeezing shoulders, whispering consolation, nudging, encouraging. These late-night outings have been a longtime Popovich tradition, in victory and defeat, and the need for group comfort was probably never more necessary."It helped," Tim Duncan said Wednesday, back at the podium he had left 13 hours earlier . "The other option is a bunch of us go back to our rooms and sit in our rooms and sit there by ourselves and beat yourself up. So it's always good to be around teammates and kind of get some stuff out in the open. We did exactly that." Tony Parker put it in almost therapeutic terms, saying it was a chance to "make sure everybody doesn't stay sad too long."The Spurs vowed Wednesday afternoon to move past the sadness of Game, to reset their psyches and spirits for Game, although that task may prove exceedingly difficult under the circumstances.Only three road teams have won a Game 7 in the finals, and none since. The home team has won 14 of.The Spurs expended every ounce of energy Tuesday night, with Duncan playing 44 minutes, Parker 43 and Manu Ginobili . Can they possibly get another 30-point, 17-rebound game from Duncan?Then consider the emotional devastation from blowing a 5-point lead in the final error-filled.2 seconds of regulation . Kawhi Leonard and Ginobili each missed a free throw, either one of which might have sealed the championship . The Heat hit two 3-pointers after offensive rebounds — loose balls that the Spurs simply had to have. Duncan was on the bench in both instances, a strategic decision that seemed to backfire, exposing Popovich — one of the N.B.A.'s most revered coaches — to a torrent of second-guessing and biting criticism."If Spurs lose, it will be on Pop," read the headline over Buck Harvey's column in The San Antonio Express-News.Popovich was testy on the subject immediately after the game, but he was in a more explanatory mood on Wednesday. It has been the Spurs' policy, when defending against a 3-pointer, to bench the 37-year-old Duncan in favor of a more mobile big man, in this case Boris Diaw . The point is to have five defenders who can switch on the pick-and-roll and defend the perimeter."Reading and switching makes sense just to take away the," Popovich said.In both instances, the Heat missed a 3- point attempt but then regained possession, leading to the two critical 3-pointers from LeBron James and Ray Allen . In theory, Duncan might have grabbed one or both of those rebounds, but Popovich said: "It's not that simple. That's not why they got the 3s."Popovich said the problem came after each initial shot, when the Spurs had to scramble and pick up their men."On an offensive rebound, it's one of the toughest things in the N.B.A., to pick up people," he said. "And we had one guy who didn't pick up."Two Spurs gravitated to James on the Heat's last possession, leaving Chris Bosh free to snare the rebound and pass to Allen."So it has nothing to do with Duncan," Popovich said.Also worth noting: on the first Miami rebound in question, three Spurs had a chance at the ball, but they collided in midair. It squirted away, and Allen fed it to James for a 3-pointer.There were, of course, several other factors that played into the loss. Duncan, who had 25 points at halftime, failed to score in the fourth quarter and overtime, going 0 for 5 from the field. The Spurs took a 3-point lead in overtime, but they failed to score in the final 2 minutes 42 seconds . Leonard and Parker shot air balls on the same possession, leading to a shot-clock violation. Ginobili coughed up the ball twice. Bosh blocked a shot by Parker."We all made mistakes," said Danny Green, whose 3-point try at the final buzzer was also blocked by Bosh . "Let it go. We're not going to pick on who did what. We know what we have to do to win."Instead of celebrating a championship — Duncan's fifth, Parker and Ginobili's fourth — the Spurs are preparing for one more game, possibly their last on the finals stage with this group. Duncan is in his career twilight, and Ginobili is a free agent this summer.The Heat are trying to repeat as champions, to validate their place among the all-time greats, to secure James's legacy, which seems to be in constant flux. With one win, the Heat would join the Los Angeles Lakers as the only back-to-back champions in the last 15 years. A loss would tarnish the era and spark new questions about the future of James, Dwyane Wade and Bosh ."I understand the moment for me," James said. "I've been pretty relaxed, though. I've been pretty relaxed throughout the playoffs. I'm going to be antsy. I'm going to be excited. I'm going to have some butterflies. I'll be nervous. Everything. That's how I should be."He added: "The moment is going to be grand. Like I said, I'm happy to be a part of it."
A year's absence from the United States Open has made Rafael Nadal hungrier to win another championship and even more prepared for the challenge. Nadal, who has played as well as anyone on hardcourts this summer, continued to exert his dominance at the Open, serving notice Wednesday night with another near-perfect win. He cruised into the semifinals by thrashing his fellow Spaniard Tommy Robredo, 6-0, 6-2, 6-2, in 1 hour 40 minutes at Arthur Ashe Stadium .The dream quarterfinal matchup between Nadal and Roger Federer was replaced by a mismatch between the second-seeded Nadal and the No. 19 seed Robredo . With the way Nadal has stormed through the draw, there is little reason to think Federer, who lost to Robredo in straight sets in the fourth round, would have offered stiffer resistance."It's going to be tough for the others," Robredo said. Nadal required only 22 minutes to take the first set, winning 24 of the 29 points, and he improved to 7-0 against Robredo, with five of those victories coming on hardcourts .Nadal's hard-to-replicate combination of speed and athleticism, and the vicious topspin he produces when he hits tennis balls from the baseline, have made him perhaps the greatest clay-court player. But he has also excelled on grass, winning Wimbledon twice, and on hard surfaces, winning the Australian Open in 2009 and the United States Open in. Nadal was out for 222 days, from the summer of 2012 until his return Feb. 5. When he returned, he eased his way back on clay and won his eighth French Open title in May. Then, after a stunning first-round loss at Wimbledon, he zeroed in on the hardcourt with a laser focus. Hitting the ball flatter and harder while seeking breathtaking angles and using his gift of touch at the net, a fresher Nadal looks as prepared as ever to win the United States Open . Nadal is 20-0 on hardcourts this year and has not lost his serve in 67 games in five Open matches, and in 82 straight over all this summer. He has dropped only one set here, against Phillipp Kohlschreiber in the fourth round . Nadal said that the way he played against Robredo, changing direction and hitting precision inside-out forehands was a blueprint for him."That is the way I have to play to be successful on every surface, but especially this one," he said. "I was able to do it today. I hope I will be able to do it in two days."In the next round Nadal will face his old friend Richard Gasquet of France, the No. 8 seed, who made the second Grand Slam semifinal of his career — six years after the first.Gasquet's triumph came with considerable effort. His, 6-1, 4-6, 2-6, 6-3 victory over No. 4 David Ferrer required 3 hours 23 minutes to complete, just two days after Gasquet needed five sets and:40 to win a fourth-round match over Milos Raonic."Right now for sure, I am a little bit tired," Gasquet said, laughing. "This was difficult because Raonic, we played a big match. But today was the same. I managed to fight in the fifth. It was a big victory for me." Gasquet carried hopes of a signature moment in an up-and-down career, one marred by injuries and a brief drug ban in. In fact, it was Nadal who came to Gasquet's defense at the time, a gesture Gasquet has never forgotten."Rafa supported me more than anyone in the last few months, and if he ever needs me to help him, I will do what I can," Gasquet said. "I'll never forget what he's done for me. Now I just want to get out and play."But he will not be given much of a chance against Nadal, who has beaten Gasquet all 10 times they have played on tour. Gasquet had to point to an ancient victory he earned over Nadal in France when they were.Asked after his victory Wednesday night if he could beat Novak Djokovic in a potential final, Nadal insisted he was not looking past Gasquet ."If I don't play a great match against Richard, I will see the final on TV," he said. Nadal was the second No. 2 seed to advance to the semifinals Wednesday night . Earlier on a crisp, blustery evening, Victoria Azarenka pounded Daniela Hantuchova, 6-2, 6-3, in:16. By beating the 30-year-old Hantuchova, who was playing in her first Open quarterfinal since, the 24-year-old Azarenka eliminated the possibility of an all-30s final four. Flavia Pennetta, 31, joined No. 1 Serena Williams and fifth-seeded Li Na as an over-30 semifinalist. Pennetta had to feel the same nerves as her friend Roberta Vinci across the net in Ashe Stadium. Each player was fighting for her first semifinal berth in a Grand Slam tournament, and each considered the Open her favorite event. They had played each other for almost their whole lives, and they carried the same burden: lifting Italian tennis to a new level.But as the occasion turned into an actual tennis match, anticipation replaced by serves, ground strokes and strategy, Pennetta shed those nerves for something altogether different in a, 6-1 victory: joy."It's amazing," she said. "I'm really happy. I cannot believe it. It was really tough today, playing against Roberta. I was trying to play my tennis, trying to be aggressive, and it worked out perfectly."Pennetta's joy stemmed from her long, frustrating comeback from a wrist surgery last year, which cost her the chance to play in the Open last year. Pennetta said the pain and its accompanying cloud of doubt had finally parted."I didn't play my best tennis the last six months, and I just try to keep working and working the same way," she said. "I am starting to feel more my forehand, my backhand. Everything is starting to feel more normal in the way it was before the injury. I play really good tennis here, I think."
NEW YORK — Two matches. Two full houses. Two losses. Martina Hingis proved she could still put backsides on seats in her return to the U.S. Open on Friday, even if her service game recalled more the struggles of the past than the triumphs.Hundreds of spectators were shut out of Court 17 for the 32-year-old's cameo in the women's doubles but her return to grand slam tennis, also incorporating an appearance in the mixed event, was blighted by a pair of defeats.Sixteen years after winning her only U.S. Open singles title, the woman once known as the "Swiss Miss" made two appearances at Flushing Meadows .In the first, she partnered Slovakia's Daniela Hantuchova against the top-seeded Italian pairing of Sara Errani and Roberta Vinci .The match ended in underwhelming fashion for Hingis, who served up consecutive double faults to seal a 6-3 7-5 loss.She had received a massive cheer when introduced to the crowd and been the focus of all attention. The roars and groans from the bleachers matched her own fluctuating fortunes. Hingis beamed whenever the old magic returned but this was no hit and giggle.The former world number one argued with the umpire, bounced her racquet in frustration and clenched her fists throughout a determined effort. Hingis dropped her opening service game in a tentative beginning. A hint of what would come.There were flashes of the craftiness that landed her five major titles but her serve lacked punch.Her physical fitness was evident to everyone who saw her. Walking through the crowd to her first match, a large man stood in front of her and said: 'Jeez, you're looking good!'Hingis later returned for a mixed doubles match under the Court Four floodlights with India's Mahesh Bhupathi against Sweden's Robert Lindstedt and Taiwan's Chan Yung-JanuaryAgain she served to stay in the match at 5-6 in the second set. She held.Another defeat was on its way, however, when Hingis conceded two mini-breaks in the tie-breaker en route to a 7-6(5) 7-6(5) reverse.She admitted nerves and relative poor fitness had contributed to her losses."My calf was killing me," she said. "I couldn't get up on my serve any more. And definitely the nerves. Not playing at a grand slam for six years doesn't help, either."I think it's because I just played a lot and my body's not used to it. I feel like I'm playing well but my body is screaming, 'What are you doing to me?'" Hingis first retired in, aged. She launched a full-scale comeback in, but retired again in. That same year, she admitted to having tested positive for cocaine.By then, her finesse-based game and lack of serving penetration were proving ineffective against a powerful new generation led by Serena and Venus Williams .She said she would continue playing with Hantuchova in tournaments in Asia, but dismissed out of hand a return to singles."God, give me a break," she said. "No, I haven't given any more thought to it. I have a hard enough time trying to cover half the court . Full court is a completely different ball game."But I always enjoyed the big stage, and you saw the people that came today. You don't see such a crowd in women's doubles, normally."
 DETROIT – Chrysler Group said Monday that its net income fell 65 percent in the first quarter, to $166 million, as the automaker spent heavily to prepare for new product introductions.Chrysler, the smallest of Detroit's three auto companies, said revenue dropped 6 percent in the quarter, to.4 billion despite an 8 percent increase in new vehicle sales. The weaker results indicated that Chrysler is still solidifying its comeback from a government bailout and bankruptcy in.But the company's chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, reaffirmed earlier forecasts that Chrysler would earn.2 billion for the full year on revenue of $72 billion or higher."We remain on track to achieve our business targets, even as the first-quarter results were affected by an aggressive product-launch schedule," said Mr. Marchionne, who is also chief executive of Chrysler's parent company, the Italian automaker Fiat.Fiat, which owns.5 percent of Chrysler, later Monday morning also reported a decline in profit as weak sales in Europe persisted. The parent company said its net profit in the first quarter fell to 31 million euros, an 88 percent decline from the 262 million euros it earned in the same period in. The company's revenue dropped 2 percent to.8 billion euros . Without its profit contributions from Chrysler, Fiat said it would have lost $41 million euros in the quarter.The first-quarter results mark Chrysler's seventh consecutive profitable quarter. The company reported that it sold,000 vehicles worldwide during the three-month period, an 8 percent increase from the same period a year ago. Most of the additional sales came in the United States, where Chrysler said its market share improved slightly to.4 percent, up from.2 percent in the same period in.Chrysler's turnaround since the recession has been built on reviving core products, like Jeep sport utility vehicles and Ram pickups, as well as bringing out new models like the Dodge Dart compact car . Competition is increasing among all automakers in the American market, which is growing while demand is sliding in Europe and other important international markets .Chrysler said its lower profits in the quarter reflect costs associated with the introductions of new versions of its Jeep Grand Cherokee S.U.V. and heavy-duty Ram pickup, and second-quarter production of the new Jeep Cherokee.The company said its cash reserves improved to.9 billion during the quarter, up from.3 billion a year ago. Its overall debt was.5 billion, about the same as it reported in the first quarter of.
ROME — AC Milan manager Massimiliano Allegri has hit back at claims from the mayor of Verona that Mario Balotelli is a troublemaker, saying the problem of racism lies with supporters not the Italy attacker."The racism problem isn't anything to do with Mario, but rather with a lack of culture on the part of people who go to the stadium and behave in a certain way towards players with a different skin colour," Allegri said on Friday.Allegri was speaking at a news conference ahead of their Serie A season- opening match at Hellas Verona on Saturday (1600 GMT. Verona mayor Flavio Tosi, also speaking before the promoted local team's first Serie A match in more than a decade, said Italy striker Balotelli brings abuse upon himself."Mario is a troublemaker. There are lots of black players (in Italy, and those who don't wind up opposition fans don't have any problems," Tosi, who represents the separatist Northern League party, told Radio Sportiva." Balotelli is a formidable player... but he knows how to be irksome when he's out on the pitch and that exasperates people. He even managed to have issues with Chievo fans, who most certainly are not racist," he said referring to the city's other first division team.However, Tosi appealed to Hellas Verona fans not to abuse Milan's black players and backed the closing of spectator sections or even whole stadiums should fans racially abuse players. Lazio and AS Roma will have to play matches with the hardcore fan sections of the Olympic Stadium in Rome closed after incidents of racist chanting."If chants come from four idiotic individuals then it's right to close the sector. If it's the whole stadium at fault then it's correct to close the entire ground," the Gazzetta Dello Sport quoted Tosi as saying.Tosi's party has been embroiled in a series of racism scandals.He was the only Northern League politician to publicly apologise to Italy's Minister for Integration Cecile Kyenge after Senate vice-president and fellow party member Roberto Calderoli said she looked like a orangutan. Juventus manager Antonio Conte also backed a hardline approach with racist supporters, pleading with journalists to not give them any attention."The thing that needs to be done is that you, both in written and television journalism, stop giving attention to these people, who are proud to see themselves on TV," Conte told reporters at Friday's press conference for their clash at Sampdoria (1845 GMT. Hellas Verona's match with Milan will be their first in the top flight for 11 years after securing promotion from Serie B on the final day of last season.
(Reuters) - Sunderland manager Paolo Di Canio has told his players to put their holiday plans on hold after Sunday's final game of the season at Champions League -chasing Tottenham Hotspur .The Italian told reporters he had ordered his squad, who have already secured their Premier League survival, to return to the north-east for a couple of days after the match and only then would he decide whether to release them."If anybody has booked a holiday for Monday, they are going to lose some money . Why would they book a holiday on Monday? They are not being serious, they have to ask me," newspapers quoted him as saying on Thursday."I will see what happens on Sunday, then we will come back together, and I will tell them when their holidays start," added the mercurial manager."I told them we can win, draw or lose with dignity, respecting the club's name and the fans who follow them. But if not, I will reduce their holiday." Di Canio, a controversial appointment when he arrived at Sunderland in March, said he wanted to change the mentality of players at the club and had already fined a number of them for failing to sign shirts for charity auctions."It happened many times before, but now they are fined because you have to start from somewhere or we're never going to change," he declared."It is small things, but many small things become a big problem. We have to respect the rules or we are never going to change."
 MILAN — The holding company that controls 30 percent of Fiat said Monday that it had sold its stake in a Swiss company, a move analysts said was to help prepare for Fiat's eventual purchase of the rest of Chrysler.The holding company, Exor, which is run by a member of Fiat's founding Agnelli family, said it had sold its 15 percent stake in SGS, a Swiss inspection and testing company, to the Belgian conglomerate Groupe Bruxelles Lambert for €2 billion, or.6 billion. Investors saw the move as connected to Fiat's plan to buy the Chrysler shares it does not already own, an acquisition that is likely to cost about $4 billion but whose final bill has not yet been determined.Fiat has steadily increased its ownership in Chrysler since an alliance between the two automakers was announced in. It now holds.8 percent of Chrysler.The chairman of Exor and of Fiat, John Elkann, signaled his determination last week that Exor's stake in Fiat would not be watered down in the Chrysler merger, which Fiat's chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, has said may be partly financed by a share issue.Mr. Elkann, a descendant of the Fiat co-founder Giovanni Agnelli, whose family has owned the Italian carmaker since, was quoted as saying that Exor would use.2 billion to.3 billion already on its balance sheet to retain its interest once Fiat and Chrysler were merged."This transaction could seem like Exor wants to raise cash ahead of an investment in Fiat-Chrysler in the event that Fiat needs to bolster its equity as it brings its stake in Chrysler to 100 percent," Luca Arena, an analyst at the Istituto Centrale delle Banche Popolari Italiane in Milan, wrote in a note.The sale is also part of plans to increase the value of Exor's.3 billion investment portfolio by concentrating on large stakes in companies like Fiat with a global reach. Exor, which also controls the truck maker Fiat Industrial, had been an investor in SGS for 13 years. It said it had purchased the stake for about €500 million .Despite the prospects for a capital increase, Fiat shares held on to last week's gains and closed Monday at.32, their highest level since August.When companies announce a capital increase, their shares usually fall as investors anticipate the cost of taking part or the risk of being diluted, but some analysts say Fiat's recent resilience shows support for the Chrysler deal.For Groupe Bruxelles Lambert, or G.B.L., which is run by the billionaire Belgian industrialist Albert Frère, the move is part of a diversification strategy. In January the company raised cash for investments to expand its portfolio by selling exchangeable bonds worth almost €1 billion, representing almost half its stake in the French energy giant GDF Suez .G.B.L., which also holds 21 percent of the cement company Lafarge and 4 percent of the oil company Total, will become the second-largest shareholder in SGS, after the von Finck family.SGS, a specialist in inspection, verification and testing services for industries as diverse as agriculture and life sciences, could not immediately be reached for comment .
It could have been any house on this suburban stretch of Staten Island, with a well-worn basketball hoop outside and a sign out front warning, "Beware of Dog." But here one wintry February afternoon Vinny Guadagnino, the former " Jersey Shore " star, was pacing from room to room of the home where he grew up, now the site of his new MTV talk show, as he awaited a visit from the pop star Kesha."Don't mess this up for me, please," Mr. Guadagnino begged his mother, Paola Giaimo, and sisters, Mariann and Antonella Guadagnino, who were sitting in the living room amid a home decorated with various ornaments, crucifixes and a map of Sicily. "Don't do anything."A cameraman followed him to the front porch, where a second cameraman awaited and from where he could see Kesha's black S.U.V. "She's here, she's here, she's here!" Mr. Guadagnino said, rubbing his hands together with nervous energy .In an upstairs bedroom that had been converted into a television control room the " Jersey Shore " executive producer SallyAnn Salsano watched him on monitors and called out instructions through a microphone."That's real good work, Vin," Ms. Salsano told him. "You are cold like Pacino would be cold."Minutes later Kesha emerged to give Mr. Guadagnino a gift of organic dog treats and to become the latest guest on "The Show With Vinny," a new series that will test the skills of its unseasoned host and the boundaries of a post-" Jersey Shore " landscape when it has a sneak preview on Sunday (and a formal premiere on May.Because this is MTV, where no programming can be done in a straightforward way, "The Show" is not quite a reality series nor a talk show. Instead celebrity guests can hang out and do whatever, with Mr. Guadagnino and his relatives in tow.For Mr. Guadagnino it is an opportunity to pursue a career path he'd dreamed of but never fully expected to follow, with assistance (and occasional interference) from his family members, who have become MTV personalities in their own right.As Mr. Guadagnino later explained, sitting on his childhood bed with his sisters and mother nearby, "It just works perfectly because they help me out."Mr. Guadagnino amended his earlier remark. "It works perfectly," he said, "because I have someone to yell at."The compact but muscular Mr. Guadagnino, 25, was one of the fist-pumping roommates who shot to fame over six seasons of " Jersey Shore ." A conciliatory figure in a setting where strong words (and containers of alcohol) were thrown around, Mr. Guadagnino said he was a gentler person than that show's reputation suggested."I'm not actually that great at partying," he explained. "I don't really drink that much. I don't really act crazy."" Jersey Shore," whose audience peaked at about eight million viewers in, had already spawned two spinoffs, "The Pauly D Project" and "Snooki & JWoww," before the founding series ended in December.But a new series about Mr. Guadagnino was "not a show that we were necessarily looking for," said Chris Linn, MTV's executive vice president for programming .The network's attitude changed, however, when executives saw Mr. Guadagnino host an MTV News special on bullying."He was so completely comfortable, managing questions from the audience and throwing to a panel of experts," Mr. Linn said. "That's what got us thinking: Is there another use for Vinny?"Rather than a series chronicling Mr. Guadagnino's daily life, MTV preferred a format with talk-show elements. So too did Mr. Guadagnino, who admires the quick wit of late-night hosts like Jimmy Fallon and Conan O'Brien and found that the constant intrusion of cameras in his life set off anxiety.On " Jersey Shore," he explained, "you're supposed to make-believe the cameras aren't here, even when they're watching you sleep." But "The Show," he said, "is like 'Wayne's World.' It's like, 'Hey, guys, I'm doing this cool show in my house.' "That also allowed MTV to incorporate family members who had become recognizable through appearances on " Jersey Shore : Vinny's doting mother, his ingratiating uncle Antonio Giaimo (better known as Uncle Nino) and his sisters."They met him," Antonella said. " 'You give us a little bit of reality, we'll give you what you really want to do.' ""I think what she's trying to say — " Mr. Guadagnino started to explain."I'll say what I'm trying to say," Antonella interrupted.
ROME — Sampdoria twice came from behind in the dying moments to rescue a 2-2 draw at Cagliari and Chievo Verona recovered from an early setback to win their first Serie A game of the season 2-1 over Udinese on Saturday.Delio Rossi's side thought they had secured a point when Manolo Gabbiadini scored in the 89th minute to make it 1-1 in Sardinia.But Daniele Conti's stunning free kick in the first minute of injury time forced Sampdoria to do it all over again.Defender Lorenzo De Silvestri obliged, netting two minutes later to salvage a surprise point for the struggling club.The home side had been leading for much of the game after a beautifully worked goal from Albin Ekdal in the 26th minute.The draw left Sampdoria fourth from bottom of Serie A with two points, and Cagliari in ninth.After gifting a goal to Udinese's Brazilian Maicosuel in the opening minute following a defensive mix-up, Chievo Verona hit back with a smart 13th-minute finish from Sergio Pellissier and a deflected long-range strike from Luca Rigoni in the 40th minute to take all three points.Sixth-placed Livorno were aiming to go joint top of Serie A when they travelled to Genoa in Saturday's late kickoff.
Everything could have gone wrong for the Rangers on Monday. But everything went right. Marc Staal returned from a serious eye injury and gave his teammates and the Madison Square Garden crowd a huge emotional boost. The power play awoke from its slumber. Derek Stepan and Rick Nash, the Rangers' top scorers during the regular season but blanked in the playoffs, combined for the winning goal with time running down and a 3-0 series deficit looming.Stepan's goal with 6 minutes 25 seconds left in regulation gave the Rangers a 4-3 victory over Washington . Game 4 set for Wednesday at the Garden."That's what we talked about yesterday — it's far away from being over," said center Derick Brassard, who had a goal and two assists. "Tonight, it was pretty much do or die for us. The guys competed very hard for 60 minutes, stuck up for each other, and that's what we need to do."The Rangers held leads of 2-1 and, but the Capitals surged back to tie each time. Stepan started the play that led to the decisive goal when he won a battle along the sideboards in the Washington end and passed the puck back to defenseman Ryan McDonagh .McDonagh danced around two Capitals at the blue line, keeping the puck in the zone before sending it to Mats Zuccarello in the left corner . Zuccarello wound it behind the net to Nash standing in the right corner. Nash whipped the puck in front to Stepan, streaking down the slot, and he poked it past Washington goalie Braden Holtby . The Garden erupted."I had a little struggle the first two periods — I just seemed maybe a step behind or something," said Stepan, who led the Rangers with 44 points in the regular season but had none in the first two games."It was a good goal for me. But nothing would have happened without a pass from Rick Nash like that, and a play by Mac on the blue line ." Coach John Tortorella said that even though Stepan "scores the big one tonight, and even though he hasn't put numbers up, you look how much I rely on him."Tortorella added, "He's a 22-year-old guy that's being relied on in all situations."There was more tension for the Rangers after Stepan's goal. Brad Richards was sent off for slashing Alex Ovechkin with:54 left, and the Capitals pulled Holtby (26 saves) to make it a six-on-four skating advantage. But the Rangers' penalty killers held firm in front of Henrik Lundqvist (28 saves, who looked like a target at a county fair shooting gallery."Was it a three-minute power play ?" Stepan said jokingly. "It was just desperation."The Capitals opened the scoring at:06 of the first period, but Brian Boyle tied the game at:50 of the first, just as the second of six Rangers power plays expired.The Rangers' power-play unit, which Tortorella described as "stagnant and paralyzed" after it went 0 for 7 in the first two games, scored at:23 of the second period, when Brassard roofed a wrist shot from the slot that gave the Rangers their first lead.After Mike Green tied it later in the period, Arron Asham scored at:53 of the third. But Jay Beagle knotted the game again at:19, setting the stage for Stepan .Staal started the game on defense after missing 29 games from being struck in the right eye by a puck on March. Staal received a standing ovation when he took his place on the blue line for the national anthem ."I thought I'd be more nervous than I was," said Staal, who played:17 as part of the second defense pairing with Anton Stralman. "I felt pretty good coming in.""He's so well respected in the room," Tortorella said of Staal, who also recovered from a concussion that forced him to miss the first half of last season. "This is two major injuries he's come back from."Staal said his first game back was definitely different."You play your whole life with 20-20 vision, and you step out there, and things definitely are changed," he said. "But for the most part, it went pretty well."The Rangers' fourth-line forward Darroll Powe sustained a possible concussion on his second shift of the game Monday after being accidentally elbowed in the head by Joel Ward. Powe sustained a concussion in a Feb. 17 game against Washington . He missed the three games that followed. ... Ryane Clowe did not suit up after taking the morning skate . He has not played since sustaining an unspecified injury — believed to be a concussion — that forced him out of a game April.
SINCE the job market in the United States hit bottom more than three years ago, men have benefited from the recovery far more than woman have, with middle-aged women doing particularly poorly.From December 2009 through last month, the economy added.3 million jobs, according to the Labor Department's monthly survey of households. Only 30 percent of them went to women. To some extent, that is simply a reflection of the fact that the recession hit men much harder than women, but the result has been at least a temporary reversal of the long trend of women holding an ever-increasing share of jobs .The proportion of jobs held by women, which was around 28 percent when the household survey began in, rose to a peak of.5 percent in January, just after the economy hit bottom. During that period, there was only one substantial setback to the trend, in 1952 and, when the end of the Korean War brought soldiers back to the civilian economy .But in the first months of this recovery, that number fell as low as.6 percent, and it was at just.8 percent in January.The household survey is separate from the establishment survey, which asks employers how many people are on their payrolls . That survey hit bottom in February, and showed.5 million jobs had been added. But it does not collect information on gender, as the household survey does. The accompanying charts show the changing employment patterns since the end of 2009 for men and women in various age groups, from 20 to 24 years to over. Because demographic shifts have been abrupt for some groups, like the baby boomers — there are a lot more people over 55 now, and fewer people aged 35 to 54 — the charts look at changes in the employment -to-population ratio.That ratio differs from the more widely noted unemployment rate in that it compares the number of people who have jobs with the total population, not just with the total number of people who say they were working or looking for jobs during the month.In January, 54.6 percent of women over the age of 20 had jobs . That was the lowest proportion since, and.8 percentage point lower than the figure in December. By contrast, 67.6 percent of men over 20 had jobs, a rate that is.3 percentage points higher than it was at the end of, although still below prerecession levels.The sharpest declines in employment for women were in the 20-to-24 and 45-to-54 age groups . The decline in the younger group may reflect the difficulties young people face in trying to start a career, but the decline in the middle-aged group is not so easily explained. Ian Shepherdson, chief economist at Pantheon Macroeconomic Advisors, said it might be a result of who has, and has not, been hiring . He pointed to the Institute for Supply Management's survey of manufacturers, which has indicated that companies are hiring, and to the survey by the National Federation of Independent Business, which indicates that its members are not. "Women are more likely to be employed by small service-sector companies than by large manufacturers," he said. The largest increase in the proportion of women with jobs has come among those over, which is also the group that is growing the fastest. It seems likely that more men and women are delaying retirement. The proportion of women aged 55 to 59 with jobs does not appear to be increasing, but the proportion of women aged 60 to 64 with jobs has been rising.
(Reuters) - Coach Gerardo Martino has become the target of European clubs while steering Newell's Old Boys to the Argentine league title they will celebrate at home in Rosario on Sunday.Newell's, who host Argentinos Juniors at the Marcelo Bielsa stadium on the last day of the season, secured the "Final" championship crown with a match to spare.Martino could join the club of former Newell's players like Bielsa and Mauricio Pochettino, now at Southampton in England's Premier League, to have tasted big coaching jobs in Europe.However, a stumbling block could be that he has told both Real Sociedad and Malaga he will not be available until Newell's are no longer involved in the Libertadores Cup having led them to next month's semi-finals . Media reports say this has not prevented Real Madrid, though, from also looking at the 50-year-old Argentine as an alternative should their hopes of signing Italian Carlo Ancelotti fall through.Martino, who made his name internationally steering Paraguay to the last eight at the World Cup for the first time in, was at the heart of Newell's remarkable sixth first division title .He turned down a huge offer from Colombia after quitting the Paraguay job in 2011 to return to the club where he played 509 matches as a midfielder to help steer them clear of relegation .In 18 months in charge Martino, who has a stand named after him at the Marcelo Bielsa ground, has done much more than that.His success stands in stark contrast to the failure of big Buenos Aires side Independiente, who changed coach three times in the same time span in their failed bid to avoid relegation for the first time last weekend. Relegation in Argentina is determined by a separate table of teams' average points over three seasons. A single poor season does not necessarily lead to relegation but two or three can.Martino, nicknamed Tata (grandad, has criticised the league format with two 19-match championships per season, named "Inicial" and "Final" in, for the generally poor standard of football ."In 19-match tournaments a team without a very good overall performance can become champions. I adhere to the 38-match format because there is less discussion over (the merits of) the champions," he said.Newell's were the best team of the season, having finished second to Velez Sarsfield in the "Inicial" before winning the "Final.There is a strong sense of belonging among players who began their careers at Newell's, reflected also in the return from Europe of Argentina World Cup players Gabriel Heinze and Maxi Rodriguez and top scorer Ignacio Scocco to form the backbone of Martino's side."It's a dream, we came to try to get (the team) out of a bad situation and today we're the best in Argentina," said Rodriguez .Record 33 times champions River Plate, whose form has been irregular as they rebuild after promotion a year ago, vied with Newell's for the title until a crushing 5-1 defeat at Lanus last weekend.They will, however, also have a say over the remaining third relegation place after Union and Independiente when they host San Martin, who need only a draw to survive at Argentinos' expense .
ROME — Inter Milan will have their hardcore "ultra" supporters present for Sunday's Milan derby after the Italian Football Federation's (FIGC) Court of Justice suspended a partial stadium closure while it carries out further investigations.AS Roma will also have their most vocal fans present when they host Catania on Sunday after a similar suspension was lifted for the same reason."The Inter and Roma curvas have been reopened with an interim ordinance suspending the penalty and asks for further investigations to be carried out by the Federal Prosecutor's Office," wrote the FIGC (www.figc.it) on its website on Friday.The FIGC had announced on Tuesday the two-match section closures following incidents of alleged offensive chanting by away fans during matches last weekend. Inter were punished after "territorially discriminatory" chants against Napoli fans during their 4-2 defeat at the San Paolo Stadium on Sunday, leading to the closure of the Curva Nord section of the San Siro . Roma were hit with the closure of the Curva Sud section of the Stadio Olimpico after alleged racist chanting directed at AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli in Monday's 2-2 draw at the San Siro, a claim disputed by the club."In the past we have been quick to condemn incidents of racism but in this case we are convinced that nothing like that happened," Roma general manager Mauro Baldissoni said. Inter go into the derby in fifth place on 28 points, seven behind third-placed Napoli, while unbeaten Roma lie second on 38 points, five behind leaders Juventus .
NEW YORK — Brandon Sutter scored in the third period and then rescued the Penguins with the only goal of the shootout to lift Pittsburgh to a 4-3 victory over the New York Rangers on Wednesday night .Sutter gave the Penguins a 3-1 lead just:01 after Pascal Dupuis snapped a 1-1 tie, but Pittsburgh couldn't hold the edge. It took until the fifth round of the shootout for the deadlock to be broken for good, and the Penguins skated off with their fifth straight victory .Dupuis gave the Penguins their second lead of the night, off a feed from Sidney Crosby at:25, and Sutter used a strong individual effort to make it 3-1 at:26. Chris Kunitz had a goal and assist, Crosby had two assists to increase his NHL -leading points total, and Marc-Andre Fleury stopped 29 shots . Mats Zuccarello and Derick Brassard rallied the Rangers late with goals:31 apart to tie it with only:46 left in regulation . Henrik Lundqvist got it to overtime and withstood a hard hit from Kunitz, who bowled him over in the extra session — striking the goalie in the head and taking a penalty for interference.The Rangers, however, couldn't take advantage of that power play as they did on Brassard's tying goal . New York earned a standings point with its second straight shootout after not being forced to that tiebreaker all season.Zuccarello started the comeback when he shoved in a rebound of defenseman John Moore's shot that trickled between Marc-Andre Fleury's pads into the crease at:43. Brassard made it 3-3 when he ripped a shot from the bottom of the left circle into the top right corner of the net. It came 57 seconds after Pittsburgh's Matt Niskanen went off for high-sticking. Carl Hagelin scored for New York in the second period, and Lundqvist made 30 saves through overtime in his seventh straight start, but the Rangers dropped to 1-3-2 on their team-record, nine- game homestand . New York was looking to win two straight, building off a shootout victory over Calgary on Sunday. Pittsburgh was without star center Evgeni Malkin, who missed his second straight game with a leg injury that will force him to also sit out Thursday against Minnesota .The Penguins stayed hot despite also missing injured defensemen Kris Letang, Rob Scuderi, Paul Martin, and Brooks Orpik, and suspended defenseman Deryk Engelland, who received a five- game ban Wednesday. Pittsburgh is 10-1-1 in its last.The Rangers, who beat Pittsburgh 5-1 in the season-series opener on Nov. 6, fell to 2-14-1 when they allow the first goal.Hagelin, who had gone eight games without a goal before he scored Sunday, netted a highlight-reel tally to tie it 1-1 with:25 left in the second period. He raced past Simon Despres, shook off a pair of slashes from the defenseman that would've drawn a penalty, then shifted from forehand to backhand before putting the puck past Fleury for his seventh goal. Pittsburgh had taken a 1-0 lead on its second power play of the period and the game:51 earlier on Kunitz's 18th goal and team-leading ninth with a man advantage .NOTES: Penguins D Philip Samuelsson played his second NHL game, two nights after making his debut . His father, Ulf, is a Rangers assistant coach . ... Kunitz has points in 10 of 12 games: seven goals and six assists. ... Moore had two assists to increase his season point total to seven.
 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — The astronauts aboard the International Space Station dimmed the lights, turned off unnecessary equipment and put off science work Thursday as NASA scrambled to figure out what's wrong with a key cooling unit.One of two identical cooling loops shut down Wednesday when the line got too cold because of a faulty valve. The system uses ammonia to dissipate heat from on- board equipment.Mission Control ordered the six-man crew to turn off some science experiments and other non-critical equipment; the powerdown continued Thursday.NASA officials stressed that the astronauts remained safe and comfortable.The suspect valve is inside an external pump that was replaced by spacewalking astronauts three years ago . Flight controllers are looking at ways to fix the valve. A software repair would be the easiest option, a spacewalk the most complicated. In fact, three spacewalks were needed back in 2010 for the pump replacement.The valve can't be reached so the entire pump would have to be replaced with one of the spares at the space station .Kenny Todd, a space station manager, said the orbiting outpost is left "somewhat vulnerable" with only one good cooling line. There's always the possibility of additional failures, he noted, which is why Mission Control wants the problem fixed soon.Todd said it's possible that next week's launch of a commercial cargo ship, from Wallops Island, Va., may need to be delayed. Liftoff of Orbital Sciences Corp.'s unmanned Antares rocket, with a Cygnus capsule full of supplies and experiments, currently is scheduled for Wednesday. Space station managers will reconvene Monday to decide whether to delay the delivery mission."At this point, for lack of a better term, we're going to kick the can for a little bit and go let the team work a little bit more," Todd said.U.S. spacewalks have been on hold since July, when an Italian astronaut almost drowned because of a water leak in his helmet. The problem was traced to the cooling system for his suit, but NASA wants the entire outfit returned to Earth before closing the matter. That won't happen until a SpaceX Dragon capsule is launched in February; it's the only cargo ship capable of returning items to Earth."We're a lot smarter now" regarding the spacesuit trouble, Todd said. Safety procedures are in place to prevent a recurrence, he addedTwo Americans currently are aboard the orbiting lab, as well as three Russians and a Japanese .
 Manchester United relied on a first-half own goal by Titus Bramble to beat host Sunderland, 1-0, on Saturday, securing a seventh straight Premier League victory and inching closer to a 20th title in England's top division.Robin van Persie's shot in the 27th minute was heading wide, but Bramble stuck out a leg and deflected the ball into the corner of his net, rewarding United for its early dominance at the Stadium of Light. United remained 15 points ahead of second-place Manchester City, which thrashed Newcastle, 4-0, at home. Only the biggest meltdown in Premier League history would keep United from reclaiming the title . United has become the first top-division team in English soccer to win 25 of its first 30 league games, and it has a chance of breaking Chelsea's record of 95 points, set in the 2004-5 season. United has 77 points with eight games left."We are getting closer," United midfielder Michael Carrick said. "It's one game less, but we still have to go again. We will keep plugging away." United has bad recent memories of playing Sunderland on the road. Two seasons ago, a broken sewage pipe left a foul stench in its dressing room . Last season, Alex Ferguson's team won, 1-0, on the final weekend but had the title ripped from it by City in extraordinary, last-gasp circumstances.This time, United dominated a lethargic Sunderland team from the start even though Ferguson rested the likes of Rio Ferdinand, Wayne Rooney and Patrice Evra, keeping in mind Monday's F.A. Cup quarterfinal replay against Chelsea . The only negative was the 32nd-minute withdrawal of the Brazilian right back Rafael da Silva because of injury.With United relying on the counterattack on the second half, Sunderland perked up and saw more of the ball but rarely threatened goalkeeper David de Gea. United came closer to the game's second goal, with Alex Buttner denied by goalkeeper Simon Mignolet and Van Persie foiled after being fed a great chance on a counterattack."This team is just full of winners," said Van Persie, who is likely to win the English title for the first time in his first season with United . "Everyone knows what he has to do."In other games, Spurs leapfrogged Chelsea into third place with a 2-1 victory at Swansea as Chelsea lost, 2-1, at Southhampton, and fifth-place Arsenal remained in the hunt for a top-four place by beating Reading, 4-1. DORTMUND HOLDS ON Robert Lewandowski scored in his ninth consecutive game as Borussia Dortmund delayed the surrender of its German Bundesliga title by beating host Stuttgart, 2-1. Had Dortmund failed to win, Bayern could have sealed the title with a win against Hamburger SV later Saturday.MIDFIELDER CARRIES MáLAGA Midfielder Pedro Morales scored one goal and set up two others to give Málaga a 3-1 win at Rayo Vallecano in La Liga of Spain. Málaga will host Borussia Dortmund on Wednesday in a Champions League quarterfinal. JUVENTUS WIDENS LEAD Fabio Quagliarella and Alessandro Matri scored for Juventus in a 2-1 victory over Inter Milan at San Siro, extending Juventus's lead to 12 points in Italy's Serie A.
Nordstrom, the conservative, upscale Seattle -based retailer, is going after a younger, hipper customer with a new, quirky regional online brand campaign.The retailer — which traditionally has handled the creative work for its advertising in-house — has hired Mekanism to develop the new campaign, aimed at promoting the concept of "Youphoria." This includes videos featuring young adults involved in activities like chopping wood or riding a motorcycle while fashionably dressed.The campaign is the latest effort by Nordstrom to attract young shoppers . Last September it began selling the British fast- fashion brands Topshop and Topman at select stores and online . It also bought the flash-sale site HauteLook and is selling Bonobos, the e-commerce brand, in its stores . And in February, it revamped the merchandise sold in its Savvy department, reducing the average price point to $50 from, and offering what Michael Crotty, Nordstrom's vice president of marketing, called "new, of the moment" brands.Mr. Crotty said the retailer was now "offering a wider mix of high to low merchandise, it's something we hear that our customers are looking for."Pete Caban, a partner and head of strategic development at Mekanism, which is based in San Francisco, said the agency "wanted to create something that would connect with the customer in a lighthearted, fun, engaging way that would show personality."To that end, Mekanism developed the "Youphoria" concept; its message, the executives said, is that "great style from Nordstrom can help you build a character that is uniquely your own. Under one roof you'll find incredible brands and style that are attainable for everybody."One of the campaign's videos features a stylishly dressed man carving a large log with a chainsaw. The voice-over says, " Slim cut, Oxford sport coat. Pocket square. Italian monk strap shoe. And, of course, leather gloves for safety. It's perfect, just because you're building a log cabin doesn't mean you should dress like a crazed mountain hermit."A second video depicts a hip young woman squirting lighter fluid into a raging bonfire, with a man in a raccoon suit dancing in the background. The voice-over here says, "Some people light a fire with two sticks. You light it with a laser-cut mini, black leather moto jacket, and an arm stacked with bangles. Because you're not a woodsman, you're a lady, with a bottle of lighter fluid and a mission to party ."The third video, showing another young woman on a minibike riding down a hill, has a voice-over that says, "It's not where you're going, it's how you get there. Cotton lace sundress. Strappy metallic stilettos. Something sparkly. And a smirk that says, 'Yes, you have that right. I am piloting a minibike through life.' "The videos, which are all 30 seconds long, end with the tagline, "Youphoria. It's more attainable than you think. Find yours at Nordstrom."Nordstrom began promoting the videos earlier this month in six markets, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Houston, Los Angeles (including Orange County ) and San Diego, all of which except Houston have multiple Nordstrom stores . Mr. Crotty said these markets were chosen because Nordstrom felt it could "learn a lot from them. It's important to drive people into the store and online " to shop .Aimed at men and women ages 25 to 35 who are interested in fashion, music and pop culture, the campaign will run through the end of May; Nordstrom has temporarily suspended it in Boston, in the aftermath of the marathon bombings .Mr. Crotty said Nordstrom had opted to post the videos now because this period "is the transition from one season to the next. People are tired of wearing winter clothes. It's the right time for us."The videos are available on Nordstrom's YouTube channel and are being promoted by the retailer via Twitter, Facebook and its Web site . New digital ads, purchased with the help of Omnicom Media Group — featuring images from the videos and encouraging viewers to shop at www.nordstrom.com — are aimed at individuals in Nordstrom's demographic and geographic target markets who go to Web sites like Vevo, Glam Network, Pandora, Zimbio and Latina.com.Next month, Nordstrom stores in all video markets but Boston, will hold parties at which the retailer will give fashion bloggers a gift card to shop for an outfit that will make them feel they have "reached Youphoria," Mr. Crotty said.Nordstrom's budget for the Youphoria campaign is less than $5 million . According to Mr. Crotty, the retailer has focused its advertising efforts almost entirely in the last few years on digital advertising, to stimulate online and in- store sales. He said Nordstrom spent more than $36 million on advertising last year, virtually all on digital efforts.He said digital advertising helped Nordstrom find "a lot of new customers online and in- store . Somewhat younger customers respond really well to digital messages."
PARIS — Women's third seed Victoria Azarenka roared past Italian former champion Francesca Schiavone into the quarter-finals of the French Open on Monday, winning 6-3 6-0 on Chatrier Court .A match more notable for the wails, groans and kung-fu style yelps coming from both sides of the net featured five consecutive service breaks in the first set before Azarenka pulled clear to dominate the 2010 winner. Belarussian Azarenka will now face Russian Mari Kirilenko chasing her first ever semi-final appearance at Roland Garros after Kirilenko beat American Bethanie Mattek-Sands .It was a bad day for Americans with Sloane Stephens losing to defending champion Maria Sharapova and Jamie Hampton falling to Serbia's Jelena Jankovic ."She's definitely improved a lot over the last couple years since she's very motivated player."Kirilenko has reached her first quarter-final at Roland Garros but is troubled by a shoulder injury."I think it's the cold and the heavy balls," she said.
PARIS — Former champion Francesca Schiavone produced an attention-grabbing display of claycourt tennis to advance into the fourth round of the French Open with a 6-2 6-1 annihilation of French 13th seed Marion Bartoli on Saturday.With all eyes on defending champion Maria Sharapova and world number one Serena Williams, Italian Schiavone, the 2010 Roland Garros winner, had gone unnoticed until she ended Bartoli's run in ruthless fashion on Court Suzanne Lenglen . Bartoli fought until the end but there was little she could do against Schiavone's sliced backhands, spinning forehands and cunning lobs that got the better of the Frenchwoman after 78 minutes.Next up for the unseeded Schiavone, who is also the 2011 French Open runner-up, is third seed Victoria Azarenka of Belarus. Bartoli admitted she was impressed by Schiavone's claycourt skill - although, having been beaten by the Italian in the semi-finals here in, it came as little surprise."On clay she's always very dangerous and she won a clay court tournament again this year and this is a surface that suits her," the Frenchwoman said."When she starts winning matches and becomes more confident, then she can be very dangerous. So maybe she can sort out Azarenka and then if she arrives in the quarter-finals, who knows what can happen?" Bartoli had started confidently, breaking Schiavone's serve in the first game but Schiavone just had too much in her claycourt repertoire as she raced to a 4-1 lead.She won seven games in a row to move 6-2 5-0 up and although Bartoli kept fist-pumping on every point, she had to admit Schiavone was a class above her on the slow surface."On clay she is a terrific opponent," said Bartoli . "It's the second time of course she's beaten me here and I think that it's twice to many. On clay this is a player who is very, very dangerous."
LONDON — Playing with his left knee heavily taped following a scary fall in the previous round, Juan Martin del Potro didn't let it slow him down as he beat Andreas Seppi, 7-6 (2), 6-3 to reach the Wimbledon quarterfinals Monday. Del Potro twisted his left ankle and hyper-extended his knee during the third set of his win over Grega Zemlja on Saturday, and said he has been icing the knee constantly since.He said "it's really painful," but that "the doctors are helping me" stay fit enough to play.The eighth-seeded Argentine converted only two of his 11 break points and needed four match points to close out Seppi, saying he got a bit nervous toward the end.He will face fourth-seeded David Ferrer in the quarters.Seppi became the fourth Italian player to lose Monday.
It began in earnest more than five years ago when Tsonga, full of panache and positive energy, reached his first Grand Slam final, at the Australian Open in January .Like Noah, Tsonga was exuberant, attractive and cool.Like Noah, Tsonga was an intriguing mix of velvet-voiced perspective off the court and unmistakable charisma on the court .Like Noah, he was of mixed race: the son of a white French mother and a black African father who was a high-level athlete. (Noah's father Zacharie was a professional soccer player from Cameroon; Tsonga's father Didier was a team handball player from the Republic of Congo .)But the comparisons between Tsonga and Noah have never been quite as irresistible as they are with Tsonga two victories away from finally following up on Noah's emotional run to the French Open men's singles title in.The odds, of course, remain heavily stacked against a repeat, with the sixth-seeded Tsonga set to play the fourth-seeded David Ferrer in the semifinals on Friday and with the world No. 1 Novak Djokovic and the seven-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal set to play in the other semifinal.But the Gallic comparison game continued to pick up speed during Tsonga's two-day break from competition, and on Friday, his semifinal with Ferrer will be played in the prime-time slot: after the latest Djokovic - Nadal tussle that will be clearly, in global terms, the match of the day and quite likely the tournament."I really have the feeling that Jo is sticking to the mission in his head, which is to go all the way," said Patrice Hagelauer, who coached Noah during his 1983 title run, in an interview on French television. "Everybody is asking me if it reminds me of Yannick when he won, and the answer is yes it does. Not in terms of the game, which has evolved, but in terms of his attitude and mentality. I feel the same fighting spirit and same desire to go all the way."Noah himself is wisely and respectfully avoiding making grand predictions . He was on site Wednesday for the 30th anniversary of his victory on June, 1983. There have been French documentaries of his victory and souvenir newspaper editions, reprinting the stories of his victory, the first for a Frenchman here since Marcel Bernard in.To understand what the victory meant to "50 million Noahs" at the time, all one needs to do is read the opening paragraph of the column by L'Équipe's Jacques Carducci the day after Noah defeated Mats Wilander in straight sets in the final.Yes, Noah — now 53 and a popular singer — has been an exceedingly difficult act for anyone to follow even if he never reached another Grand Slam final.The last Frenchman to reach the final at Roland Garros was Henri Leconte in, but there have been — like Tsonga — French semifinalists.The most recent was Tsonga's good friend Gaël Monfils, who lost to Federer in the semifinals in four sets in. That Federer was a fresher, more devastating force than the Federer whom Tsonga beat here on Tuesday in the quarterfinals. Tsonga won in straight sets and has yet to drop a set in the tournament. Neither has Ferrer, who has beaten Tsonga in two of their three previous matches and who routed him, 6-4, 6-1, in their only previous match on clay in the quarterfinals in Rome .But that was in, before Tsonga had made it quite so clear that his big game could work well on the game's grittiest surface. Last year in the quarterfinals, Tsonga held four match points against Djokovic before losing in five sets.This year, he has yet to reach the final of a clay-court event, but he played two tight sets before losing to Nadal in the Monte Carlo semifinals and also won both his singles matches on clay — against Carlos Berlocq and Juan Monaco — on a tough Davis Cup road trip to Argentina. Tsonga, like Djokovic and Andy Murray before him, has switched to a gluten-free diet. According to his new, fitness-minded coach Roger Rasheed, Tsonga — already a powerfully built player — has improved his strength and conditioning. He has also shored up his returns and his traditional weakness: the two-handed backhand, which has long been a holding shot instead of a threat."For sure we've worked on it," Rasheed said. "It was one of the areas I identified that there was a lot of upside to. I think we're probably only halfway there in that area. I think that can be a real weapon in the future. I think it's a lot better now, and it's a side of the court that he feels very safe on now."He will need to take plenty of risks, too, if he is to break down Ferrer's defenses and reach the final. Ferrer, at, remains an ultraquick counterpuncher with more touch and variety of shot than most casual observers realize.He has been in Nadal's Spanish shadow for years in part — but only in part — because he has never been past a Grand Slam semifinal. This will be his sixth, and only Tim Henman, the British star who had the misfortune of playing in the same period on grass as Pete Sampras, has played in six men's semifinals without reaching a final in the Open era .Ferrer, like Tsonga, is a fine Davis Cup player, and he will need to draw on that positive experience if he is to shrug off the pro- Tsonga French crowd on Friday afternoon . Tsonga will literally be playing at home: he once lived and trained on site at Roland Garros as a promising French junior.So did Noah, but then, let's not get any further ahead of ourselves than the French already have.
If professional pride and strong defiance can save the neck of a soccer team manager, then Tottenham Hotspur might just have made its point against Manchester United on Sunday.The game was cast as high noon at White Hart Lane .The British news media and the bookmakers had concocted their usual seasonal head hunt of Premier League managers and coaches in time for Christmas.One betting company, William Hill, forecast that Spurs Manager André Villas-Boas would "be gone by midnight on Sunday."It is a game of casual brutality. The coaches are given survival odds similar to turkeys' at this time of year.And bookmakers who complain about illegal betting and attempts to fix matches have their own league table of the doomed coaches.Before Spurs held United to a tenacious and well-deserved 2-2 draw, the shortest odds in this very odd game held that Villas-Boas, then Fulham Manager Martin Jol and Norwich City's Chris Hughton were the men targeted by the public's bets. Fulham's new owner, Shahid Khan, did dismiss Jol on Sunday night, but others are holding their fire."The team's response today was good," Villas-Boas said on television moments after the final whistle ."I am extremely happy with the response of the players after the setback against Manchester City," he said, referring to the 6-0 capitulation of his team in Manchester the previous weekend."There is obviously an agenda; it's pretty clear," Villas-Boas continued. "But the players showed strength of character, great team spirit, and with a not bad result against the Premier League champion, they deserve respect."Yes, they do.Respect, and perhaps a period of patience and understanding from the Tottenham board, which authorized the sale three months ago of the team's star, Gareth Bale, and spent 110 million pounds, or $180 million, on seven new players, all from other countries and none with any experience in the English league .Whether Villas-Boas, or Spurs' new technical director, the Italian Franco Baldini, is principally responsible for choosing those imported players is not clear.But it is Villas-Boas who must integrate them into a team capable of at least finishing in the top four places in England, thus qualifying for the holy grail of the Champions League .So far, so uncertain.Before the collapse at City, Spurs had looked solid but unexciting. Tottenham fans demand more. Their motto is Glory, Glory.They expect soccer with a swagger; they accept defeat provided it comes in an adventurous way. Villas-Boas is a careful student of coaching theory, and a cautious man in terms of setting up a team first and foremost to be hard to defeat.His predecessor, Harry Redknapp, was the opposite, a swashbuckling coach, a man whose forte was instinct and who dared to risk everything on an attacking game.Led in the attack by Wayne Rooney, who scored his team's goals, one from the penalty spot, United arrived unbeaten in 11 matches, and with a 5-0 away victory over Bayer Leverkusen fresh in the memory. Spurs took the lead after 18 minutes when Paulinho, one of their Brazilians, won a free kick just outside the penalty box . Kyle Walker fired a fierce low shot straight at the defensive wall supposedly protecting the goalkeeper. To a man, everyone in that line jumped, and the shot passed beneath them into the goal.Walker, though, was guilty of a hapless error in handing the initiative back to United a quarter of an hour later.He allowed a swinging cross from Phil Jones to bounce off his shin, and Rooney was in like a piranha to reach the ball ahead of Sandro 6 yards out. That was Rooney's 163rd goal in the Premier League, tying him with Robbie Fowler for fifth in league history.But Spurs wrested the initiative back early in the second half when Sandro struck a shot from 20 yards that was beautiful in its violence .The ball rose off his right foot, swerved in midair and curled inside the far top corner of the net at a pace such that no goalkeeper could have intercepted it.Now would Tottenham consolidate its advantage? Could it hold on for its first victory over United in London since?Not even for five minutes. Spurs goalie Hugo Lloris, who sustained a concussion during a home game last month, made a rash error of judgment, diving to grab the leg of United's Danny Welbeck as he strode through.A definite penalty kick, and one that Rooney smacked with uncompromising force straight down the center of the goal.That, for all the efforts of both sides and for all the intrigue, was the final swing of the pendulum. The draw was just, and Spurs' Walker made a promise:"We've bought a lot of players, good players," he said, adding: "It might take a bit of time, but I've every faith in the players and the gaffer. We'll be up there at the finish, I guarantee it."All bets are off, then.
As balloting for the Baseball Hall of Fame geared up earlier this winter, rumors began to circulate about why the release of Mike Piazza 's book was being pushed back to February, a month after the voting would be concluded and the final results tabulated.Would his memoir contain revelations that he had used performance-enhancing drugs ? Was he waiting until the voting was over, and he was possibly elected, before making such an admission?In the end, there were no such bombshells in Piazza's book, "Long Shot" ( Simon & Schuster, which was written by Lonnie Wheeler and was scheduled to be released this week. But there are a good number of intriguing disclosures as he recounts his improbable rise to stardom, pushed every step of the way by the support and insistence of his father, Vince.Piazza writes that he was a brat at times during his baseball career, selfish, moody and immature. He says that he was occasionally a poor teammate, aloof and entirely too consumed by what was going on in his world. He says that when he received his biggest payday — a seven-year, $91 million deal with the Mets — he was frightened to the point of paralysis.The book is Piazza's way of walking back in baseball's front door, at least for the moment, after five years way from the spotlight. He now leads a relatively quiet life in Miami with his wife, Alicia, and their two young daughters, Nicoletta and Paulina, with a third child due this summer. But things will become noisier this week, with Piazza back in New York to publicize the book and, no doubt, to answer questions about it.In the book, Piazza describes how he rose from the,390th pick of the 1988 amateur draft to become one of the greatest hitting catchers in the history of baseball . Along the way, he encountered a number of difficulties, all of which he recounts in the book. There were his frustrations over his relationship with his first team, the Los Angeles Dodgers ; his rivalry with the Martinez brothers, Pedro and Ramon; his paranoia that Latin players were against him.He writes of his mixed feelings about the former Mets manager Bobby Valentine, with whom he went to the World Series ; his bitter war with Roger Clemens, who beaned him while he was with the Mets ; the rumors that he was gay ; and, most significant, the suspicions that he used performance enhancers, which he denies."It shouldn't be assumed that every big hitter of the generation used steroids," Piazza says in the book. "I didn't."But there is little in the book that would have given pause to any Hall of Fame voters had it been released before the ballots had been handed out. Still, Piazza said he delayed the release of the book because he did not want to be seen as campaigning for votes."I said we need to be respectful of the process and let it run its course," Piazza said last week in a telephone interview, "and afterward, it was appropriate."As it was, Piazza did not gain entry into the Hall. He earned.8 percent of the votes (329 over all, still a distance from the 75 percent needed for induction. He appeared to have been caught up in a swell of antidrug sentiment from voters who emphatically rejected the candidacies of Barry Bonds .2 percent) and Clemens.6), even though Piazza has never been linked to a positive drug test or to any investigation into the use of performance enhancers .Piazza says in the book that election to the Hall of Fame would validate his career. As a lifetime.308 hitter who holds the record for most home runs by a catcher, 396, and who hit 427 over all, his numbers seem to warrant entry. But if Yogi Berra and Joe DiMaggio did not make it on their first ballots, Piazza says he is in no position to complain."I won't deny there is some disappointment, but I understand it's a process," he said in the interview, which marked his first public comments since the Hall of Fame vote was announced Jan. 9. "All things considered, I got over 50 percent, and a lot of people were very supportive. I mean, there's what, almost 600 voters ? That's a lot. I'm on my homeowners board . I know how hard it is to get six people on the same page, let alone."Piazza's last game came Sept. 30, 2007, with the Oakland Athletics . He played in 83 games that season and hit.275. He turned 39 that season, and he was done. "I was just tired," he said in the interview.Since then, he has not been involved with Major League Baseball, although he has been active with the Italian baseball team, which he will help coach in the coming World Baseball Classic . He has also traveled extensively to Italy and other parts of Europe to help develop the game.During one of his trips to Rome, he said he became interested in the emperor Constantine I and his role in spreading Christianity throughout the Roman Empire. After doing research, he commissioned David Franzoni, who wrote the screenplay for "Gladiator," to write one about the emperor. He and Franzoni hope it will lead to a movie and have already had some preproduction meetings.
That question will soon be answered on Italian state television, which on Sunday is introducing "Masterpiece," a show in which aspiring authors vie at literary challenges until one contestant wins a major book deal — and a level of publicity that few novelists achieve over a lifetime of quiet toil.All the conventions of the TV talent show are present: the tantalizing possibility of fame, excruciating exposure, an expert panel delivering life-changing verdicts. There's even a "confessional" room where contestants can express their anguish (on video, naturally.If "Masterpiece" turns out to be a hit, the producers may try the concept in other countries — a prospect likely to both appall and intrigue the publishing industry . At first glance, many consider the concept crass; then again, how often do novels get even a mention on prime-time television?To develop "Masterpiece," the Rai 3 channel collaborated with FremantleMedia, a company that has produced and distributed reality franchises around the globe, from " American Idol " to "China's Got Talent" to "X Factor Indonesia." The challenge was to create captivating television while avoiding farce — like the Monty Python sketch in which sports announcers call the play-by-play while Thomas Hardy writes "The Return of the Native."During the shooting of an episode last month, the expert panel — the novelists Andrea De Carlo, Giancarlo De Cataldo and Taiye Selasi — sat behind a desk while makeup artists darted about blotting foreheads and touching up lipstick. Facing the judges, four contestants perched behind their keyboards, with every typed word projected on screens for all to see, as a timer above their heads counted down and cameras swooped in for close-ups.Afterward, Maria Isabella Piana, a 66-year-old retired schoolteacher from Sicily, stood backstage awaiting the verdict on her assignment: a diary entry from the perspective of someone who has gone blind. Ms. Piana applied to be on the show after failing to find a publisher for a novel she wrote tracing the lives of a group of Italians from the 1960s to the present. "Not being known was the impetus that pushed me here," she said. "Maybe with a tiny bit of visibility, there's hope." Minutes later the judges voted her off the show.Alessandro Ligi, a 49-year-old Roman lawyer with an unpublished novel about failed love, found it a struggle to work before the cameras. "There's nothing more intimate than writing," he said. "It's something I do alone and I don't tolerate anyone even peeking at my computer." His assignment was a one-page story from the perspective of a man who must watch his lover marry someone else.Soon Mr. Ligi was summoned to read his work aloud. He entered the darkened studio and took his place on a red carpet under hot spotlights in front of the judges . He clutched a sheet of paper and attempted to give his reading a little oomph. The delivery was stiff; a bead of spittle trembled on his lip.The panel decided that Mr. Ligi could stay for the next challenge. The next day, he would pitch his novel to a celebrity guest during a 59-second elevator ride.Alessandro Baricco, a prominent Italian novelist who has appeared on more conventional literary TV shows, declined an invitation to participate in "Masterpiece." "If you have someone capable — young, with talent and desire — and you want to make their life difficult, then make them into a TV star," he said in an interview."Masterpiece," he said, "will give many people an idea of literature. But it's not the idea shared by most people who actually do it."Whatever ideas Italians have about literature, many want to produce it. Rai 3 required prospective contestants to submit an unpublished novel. Within a month, nearly,000 had flooded in.A team of readers worked through the slush pile, and producers then conducted screen tests, selecting a dozen contestants for each of six episodes. The judges winnow that down to four hopefuls per show, based on their submitted manuscripts and responses to the judges' questions.
The German striker Lukas Podolski scored two goals and Olivier Giroud grabbed his third goal in as many games as Arsenal recovered from its poor start to the Premier League season with a 3-1 win at Fulham in London on Saturday.Manager Arsène Wenger's team bounced back from a home defeat against Aston Villa in convincing manner, exerting control most of the time at Craven Cottage.Giroud scored the opener in the 14th minute with a left- footed shot from close range, and Podolski doubled the visitors' lead four minutes before halftime . Podolski completed the scoring for Arsenal in the 68th after being set up by Santi Cazorla.England forward Darren Bent scored for Fulham in the 77th minute. Wenger, who is still hoping he can make a marquee signing before the end of the transfer period, left England midfielder Jack Wilshere on the bench to give Podolski a start. Fulham Manager Martin Jol started England midfielder Scott Parker, who was acquired from Tottenham last week.The match was played in heavy rain . Arsenal created its first chance after 12 minutes when Theo Walcott's shot was parried by Fulham goalkeeper David Stockdale, who replaced the injured Maarten Stekelenburg.Giroud opened the scoring two minutes later, tucking the ball past Stockdale for his third goal in three games in all competitions this season after Aaron Ramsey's attempt deflected into the path of the French striker."We picked up where we left off at Fenerbahce and played very well," Ramsey said of the win in Turkey . "Lukas has a lethal left foot and proved that again." SOUTHAMPTON TIES Southampton conceded an early goal before grabbing a late equalizer to draw 1-1 against visiting Sunderland in the Premier League .Center back José Fonte denied Sunderland its first win of the season with a header that earned the Saints a hard-earned point. Emanuele Giaccherini put Sunderland team ahead in the third minute at St . Mary's after he was left unmarked to head in a corner from Sebastian Larsson. Southampton dominated the second half, and Fonte got the tying goal in the 88th minute with a header. BAYERN MUNICH BEATS NUREMBERG Bayern Munich ground out a hard-fought 2-0 win over Nuremberg to maintain its winning start to the Bundesliga in Germany.Franck Ribèry met Philipp Lahm's cross with a header to break the deadlock in the 69th minute, and Arjen Robben sealed the result when he eluded three defenders and scored in the 78th. Bayern toiled to break down the Nuremberg defense, however, in what was the 187th derby between the teams .Schalke's poor start to the season continued with a 2-1 loss at Hannover, where the visitors finished with nine players and the hosts. Bayer Leverkusen beat Borussia Mönchengladbach, 4-2, and Freiburg drew, 3-3, at Hoffenheim, where three players were sent off. Wolfsburg midfielder Luiz Gustavo was sent off in a 2-0 defeat at Mainz . VERONA EDGES A.C. MILAN Luca Toni scored twice and host Verona beat A.C. Milan, 2-1, to celebrate its return to Serie A after an 11-year absence as the Italian league opened with a shock.After Andrea Poli put Milan ahead in the 14th minute following a pass from Mario Balotelli, Toni, who is 6 feet 5 inches, struck back with headers in the 30th and 53rd minutes at the Bentegodi stadium.There were concerns that Verona fans might direct racist chants at Balotelli, who is black, but, with the issue discussed widely before the match, supporters responded by applauding him, perhaps sarcastically, whenever he touched the ball .MESSI SITS OUT Lionel Messi will miss Barcelona's Spanish league game at Málaga on Sunday while he recovers from a muscle injury in his left leg . Barcelona said on Saturday that even though Messi's "progress is satisfactory," Coach Gerardo Martino left the Argentina forward out of his squad as a "precaution.""We are optimistic, but it's risky to play him again three days later with the league just under way," Martino said. "I think Messi is fine and I'm not worried about what has happened or what's being said. He prepared well during the summer holidays. What happened the other day was a coincidence."Messi bruised a muscle in his left thigh during the first half of Wednesday's 1-1 draw at Atlético Madrid in the first leg of the Spanish Super Cup . With Messi substituted at halftime, the new signing Neymar went on and scored the tying goal, his first goal with his new club. The return leg is set for this Wednesday at Camp Nou .DEMPSEY SET FOR SEATTLE DEBUT The United States national team captain, Clint Dempsey, is preparing to make his home debut for the Seattle Sounders on Sunday in front of a sellout crowd of,000 at CenturyLink Field against regional rivals the Portland Timbers in Major League Soccer's biggest derby .The Pacific Northwest rivalry is unique because its history dates to the days of the old North American Soccer League in the 1970s.But, while always a special date for fans, this year's clash has been given extra spice by Dempsey's high-profile return to M.L.S. from England's Premier League ."I can't even imagine what it's going to be like when the whole stadium is completely packed and they're behind us," Dempsey said. "We'll feed off that energy and we'll make sure we give everything we have to let them go home happy."
A shimmery chord wells up amid bird calls and forest rustles to begin "Paracosm" (Sub Pop, the second album by Washed Out, Ernest Greene's recording project. A paracosm is an imaginary world, and the one that's conjured by Washed Out floats in a benign haze: "What's it all about?/The feeling when it all works out," Mr. Greene sings by way of introduction. It's a realm of leisurely melodies and keyboard chords that wash in and drift away, of calm vocal harmonies and burbling electronics, of lavishly blended acoustic and electronic instruments and echoes of reassuring pop from past eras. The lyrics suggest a story arc of love lost and found, perhaps a breakup and reunion, that eventually places the lovers "all alone inside our sanctuary." Mr. Greene sought the same kind of solace and refuge on previous Washed Out releases, but with a drabber, more brittle electronic palette. "Paracosm" sounds warmer, more enveloping; precisely because it's so much more spacious, it's cozier.Buddy Guy has released a tour de force, "Rhythm & Blues" (Silvertone/RCA, a double album with the latest evidence that, at, Mr. Guy might well be the best bluesman alive. His voice shows no wear from a five-decade career; it can proclaim, taunt, moan, rasp or ache. His guitar solos might erupt as frenzies of wah-wah, searing melodies or terse, viciously slicing epigrams. He's well aware of his place in blues history yet by no means ready to rest upon his achievements. The album has some minor pretensions: titling one CD "Rhythm" and the other "Blues" for no obvious reason besides a handful of songs with "blues" in their titles on the second disc. Some stray guests are negligible. But the producer Tom Hambridge, who collaborated on writing most of the songs and plays drums, has helped Mr. Guy approach autobiography. Songs like "I Go by Feel," "I Came Up Hard" and "All That Makes Me Happy Is the Blues" are self-conscious but heartfelt manifestoes, and "Whiskey Ghost" shows sobriety haunted by temptation. Mr. Hambridge also backed Mr. Guy with musicians who understand exactly what the songs need: old-fashioned blues and soul arrangements, strictly pre-1980s, played with zero complacency. Whether he's singing about his mother's advice or the eternal blues staple, woman trouble, Mr. Guy hits home.Since her 2002 debut album, Natalia Lafourcade, from Mexico, has proved herself as a songwriter whose impulses span bossa nova, delicate pop-folk songs, twitchy electronica and fuzz-toned rock. She took a songwriting sabbatical for her fifth album, "Mujer Divina: Homenaje a Agustín Lara," turning to the legacy of one of Mexico's most cherished musicians. Agustín Lara wrote and sang elegantly romantic ballads and boleros that made him a star in the 1930s; of his hundreds of songs, many went on to become Latin pop standards. (The album also includes three songs by María Teresa Lara, his sister, including the magnificently despairing "Piensa en Mi.") Ms. Lafourcade turned Lara's repertory into duets with a Pan-American assortment of collaborators, including Gilberto Gil, Devendra Banhart, Jorge Drexler and members of Latin alternative rock bands like Café Tacvba, Los Fabulosos Cadillacs and Zo. She chose songs full of tears and regrets, and sings them in her elfin but expressive voice while her male partners strive for suavity. The arrangements don't imitate Lara's originals; instead, they feature Ms. Lafourcade's ukulele and tease at nostalgia for 1950s and 1960s pop. Her versions mix respect with whimsy, treating the old songs with casual affection and lightening them while holding on to their sense of longing."Oversaturated and underwhelmed/Does the way I feel belong to someone else," Carmen Elle sings on "Perpetual Surrender" (Jagjaguwar, the debut by Diana, a four-member band from Toronto . She has many more questions and uncertainties throughout Diana's expansive pop songs, which are written by the band's saxophonist, Joseph Shabason, and drummer, Kieran Adams. Again and again, she ponders her own complicated feelings and the loyalty of her partners. "Am I wasting my love on you?/That's all I need to know," she coos in "New House." Yet there's nothing tentative in the music, which saturates the frequency spectrum with ballooning bass lines, cloudlike synthesizer chords, hefty drum-machine accents and arena-scale distorted guitar. Following through on both the gleaming productions of 1980s pop and the evocative murk of the short-lived trendlet called witch house, Diana creates larger-than-life soundscapes where private musings can flourish.The primitive synthesizers and drum machines of the early 1980s appealed to a certain kind of musician worldwide: an art-punk, a minimalist with a grudge, an experimenter who was both fascinated and disturbed by the dehumanizing potential of technology. In Italy after decades of political violence, those art-punks often had a particularly dark and oppositional perspective. They also, conveniently for American listeners, often sang in English. "Mutazione: Italian Electronic & New Wave Underground 1980-1988" (Strut/Ecstatic) is a two-CD collection selected by Alessio Natalizia from the group Walls. Mechanized drumbeats, monotone or tuneless vocals and strictly bare-bones productions connect bands like Neon or 0010110000010011 to international counterparts like Suicide, Einstürzende Neubauten and Throbbing Gristle; there's also post-punk guitar dissonance from Rats and Spirocheta Pergoli and repetition as provocation from l'Ultimo Arcano, Maurizio Bianchi and Tasaday. Even the album's more melodic songs stay on the bleakest edge of synth-pop, while one track, Laxative Souls' "Niccolai," is an electronic accompaniment to a telephone call from the Red Brigades about the location of the body of the assassinated politician Aldo Moro. These are artifacts from a generation that was scarred and resentful, but not intimidated.
ROME — Italy coach Cesare Prandelli has called for the introduction of drink breaks during next year's World Cup finals in Brazil to counter the debilitating effects of heat and humidity at venues in the tropical northeast."You can't even give players water because FIFA want the bottles near the goalposts, which can only be of use when there are corner kicks," he told a meeting with foreign reporters in Rome ."You are risking a situation where teams will kick the ball out for a corner just to drink something," he said. "It sounds like a joke but in fact it is really serious. We will make this request in the next two days."FIFA has already rejected calls to reconsider its decision to schedule noon kick-offs for some matches in tropical venues .However, there remains widespread concern that teams playing in the northeastern cities of Fortaleza, Natal, Salvador and Recife will be subjected to punishing conditions, with temperatures soaring above 30 degrees Celsius .
(Reuters) - Sunderland coach Paolo Di Canio completed two late beat-the-deadline signings on Monday, swooping for fellow Italians Fabio Borini and Andrea Dossena from Liverpool and Napoli respectively.The pair became Sunderland's 12th and 13th captures of the transfer window, the English Premier League club said on their website (www.safc.com.Striker Borini, 22, joined Liverpool from AS Roma a year ago but foot and shoulder problems limited him to 12 league appearances for the five- times European champions .He has previously played for Chelsea and Swansea City and has been capped once by Italy.Former Liverpool defender Dossena, who has won 10 caps for his country, made 24 appearances last season as he helped the Italian club finish second in Serie A.
 DETROIT — Chrysler said on Tuesday that second-quarter net income increased 16 percent, to $507 million, mostly as a result of improved sales of core products like Jeep sport utility vehicles and Ram pickup trucks .Chrysler, the third-largest American automaker behind General Motors and the Ford Motor Company, also reported quarterly revenue of $18 billion, a 7 percent improvement from the period a year earlier. Sergio Marchionne, the chief executive of both Chrysler and its Italian parent, Fiat, said the American automaker benefited from increased shipments of models like the Jeep Grand Cherokee ." Chrysler Group is poised for a very strong performance in the second half of the year," he said.The company said it sold,000 vehicles worldwide in the second quarter, up 10 percent from the second quarter of.In the United States, Chrysler reported an.4 percent market share, up slightly from.2 percent in the period a year earlier.Mr. Marchionne said that new products, including the introduction of a smaller Jeep model, would help sustain Chrysler's momentum in the American market ."The timing of product launches and capacity increases causes this year's performance to be biased in the second half," he said.For the full year, Chrysler reiterated earlier forecasts of at least $72 billion in revenue, and net income of.7 billion to.2 billion.The positive performance comes as Fiat and Chrysler move closer to completing a full merger of the two companies . While Fiat owns.5 percent of the American company, it is hoping to acquire the remaining shares later this year from a retiree health care trust.A full merger of the companies would allow for more integration of their operations and finances . Mr. Marchionne has said it could be accompanied by a new stock offering to help finance global growth plans.Chrysler's results helped Fiat post a net profit of 435 million euros ($578 million ) in the second quarter, up from 239 million euros in the period a year earlier.Fiat said its revenue for the quarter was.3 billion euros .6 billion, a 4 percent increase from the second quarter of.Without Chrysler's contribution, Fiat said it would have lost 247 million euros in the quarter, about the same as in the period a year earlier.Mr. Marchionne said that no agreement had yet been reached between Fiat and the health care trust on a price for the.5 percent stake the trust holds in Chrysler.Although Fiat can apply Chrysler's profits to its financial results, the Italian automaker cannot access the American company's cash reserves .At the end of the quarter, Chrysler said it had.9 billion in cash, a slight decrease from the.1 billion it reported a year ago.Chrysler's turnaround has accelerated since it paid off the last of its government loans two years ago .The second-quarter results were the company's eighth consecutive profitable quarter.The profits were depressed slightly by a $151 million charge related to Chrysler's recall and customer service action on.7 million older-model Jeeps. Last month, the company said it would add trailer hitches to some older Jeeps to help protect against fires caused by rear-end collisions.
(Reuters) - Paolo Di Canio was forced out of Sunderland after a player revolt at the Italian's abrasive management style, media reported on Tuesday. British newspapers carried detailed reports of how players, led by former captain Lee Cattermole, went to club owner Ellis Short to demand his dismissal after an angry showdown with the mercurial manager.In an angry exchange after Saturday's 3-0 Premier League defeat at West Bromwich Albion, players told Di Canio on Sunday they would no longer play for him, with the Italian telling them to go to the owner if they wanted him sacked.Short then fired Di Canio by telephone, with the announcement of his departure made on Sunday night . Sunderland winger Adam Johnson complained last week that constant public criticism from Di Canio "could kill players' confidence.According to the media reports, Di Canio prohibited any familiarity between the players and staff and even banned tomato ketchup and sweet desserts from the club canteen.Sunderland's former manager Steve Bruce told Talksport radio on Monday: "You cannot manage in the Premier League these days through a fear factor."You've got to be able to manage individuals. Man-management has become more relevant in my experience than coaching."Once you get yourself in the Premier League, they're all good players and you've got to find a way of getting it out of them."Former Swindon Town chief executive Nick Watkins described Di Canio's tenure at the League One club as "management by hand grenade" after the Italian quit in March. Di Canio was not immediately available for comment on Tuesday.
ROME — Italy will play at the Juventus Stadium in Turin for the first time when they face the Czech Republic in a World Cup qualifying match on September, the Italian Football Federation said on Friday.The national team have played in Turin on a number of occasions, with the last being a 2-0 win against Bulgaria in September, but it will be the first visit since Italian champions Juventus moved to the ground in.Italy are top of Group B on 14 points, four clear of second-placed Bulgaria, after six games. They host Bulgaria on September.
 WASHINGTON — President Obama joined former campaign staff members and some of his most ardent supporters on Wednesday night, headlining a two-day meeting of an independent group, Organizing for Action, that is intended to bolster his agenda in Congress .The new group hopes to cut through Washington's legislative logjams by harnessing the millions of volunteers and donors who helped elect Mr. Obama to a second term last fall, turning their enthusiasm and money to grass-roots lobbying on issues like immigration, climate change and the expansion of Medicaid ."I want to make sure the voices of people who couldn't be here are heard," Mr. Obama told about 75 supporters at a dinner at the St . Regis Hotel near the White House .The president, who spoke for about 15 minutes, said Organizing for Action was designed to help people who supported his election stay involved. He acknowledged that the White House had not done a particularly good job in keeping his 20 million supporters and 4 million donors engaged during his first term.Mr. Obama blamed himself for spending too much time playing "an inside game" in Washington that allowed the energy of his victory in 2008 to fade away. At the end of his remarks, Mr. Obama compared being in politics to having a child in college: you keep writing the checks, he told the group, but they never graduate."I've graduated," he said, before noting that Organizing for Action should give his supporters a new way to stay involved.The group has already weighed in on background checks for new gun owners, an issue that is likely to be the first test of its power to shift the debate in Washington . At one panel, Jim Messina, Mr. Obama's campaign manager in 2012 and a founder of the group, said that over a million people participated in a national "day of action" in February aimed at pressuring Congress to take action to reduce gun violence .But Mr. Obama's appearance at the meeting on Wednesday underscored the storm of criticism from Republicans and government watchdogs after revelations that large donors to the group — formed out of the remnants of Mr. Obama's re- election campaign — would get special access to the president.That news caused some Republicans to doubt the sincerity of the president's new effort to reach out to his adversaries in crafting a bipartisan budget deal . Mr. Obama met with House Republicans at the Capitol on Wednesday before attending the meeting. Several of them complained to the president that he seemed to be in a permanent campaign mode.Officially, Mr. Obama was merely meeting on Wednesday night with an independent nonprofit group that supports his priorities, much as he would with any other outside group that stood with him on political issues.Yet the two-day meeting is built around alumni of Mr. Obama's White House staff and his campaign volunteers and donors, according to a schedule of events. A panel on messaging featured Stephanie Cutter, a former White House adviser who served on Mr. Obama's re- election campaign . Lisa P. Jackson, who recently left her post as administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, will be on a panel on climate change that is scheduled for Thursday.One invitation to the event, circulated to potential donors in February before Mr. Obama's appearance had been confirmed, requested a,000 donation that the group sought as seed money to begin operations.Other donors have been asked to raise or contribute,000, a sum that would entitle them to join the group's finance board and attend quarterly meetings with Mr. Obama . That arrangement has led to criticism from Republicans and watchdog groups that Mr. Obama's former aides are selling access to the president." Organizing for Action is a mistake by President Obama that he should correct," said Fred Wertheimer, president of Democracy, which seeks tighter regulation of political money . " Organizing for Action is an unprecedented entity that creates new opportunities for big donors and bundlers of large amounts to obtain corrupting influence over executive branch policies and decisions."Mr. Obama's advisers have disputed those criticisms and sought to defuse them, pledging that the group would voluntarily disclose the names of all donors who give more than $250 and reject corporate and lobbyists' contributions. (Similar groups with close ties to the Republican leadership in Congress, like Crossroads Grassroots Policy Strategies and the American Action Network, do not disclose their donations.)The meeting's first event on Wednesday morning was a small session that was open to reporters and attended by former Obama staff members and grass-roots volunteers but only by a sprinkling of donors."The notion that there's millions of Americans that want to be part of these debates, that they've been closed off from it for so long in Washington, that in my mind is reason enough to march forward," Mr. Messina said.
MADRID — Real Madrid will get their first indication of whether 100 million euros .1 million pounds ) was money well spent when world record signing Gareth Bale makes his debut in Saturday's La Liga match at Villarreal .Real coach Carlo Ancelotti said Bale, whose pre-season was disrupted by protracted negotiations over his move from Tottenham Hotspur, would not necessarily start the game at the Madrigal but would feature at some point and would likely be deployed on the right.The Wales winger played the final half hour of Wales's 3-0 World Cup qualification defeat at home to Serbia on Tuesday, his first competitive action since July, and trained with his Real team mates for the first time on Wednesday."I think everyone knows his pre-season was not normal but his physical condition is not bad," Ancelotti told a news conference . "Tomorrow he will travel with the team and he will play."I don't know if he will start but he will definitely play some of the match."I don't think now is the right moment to leave him out of the team."He is going to work (on his fitness) and play at the same time. He is very excited and very motivated."Real have won their opening three La Liga matches under Italian Ancelotti, who replaced Jose Mourinho at the end of last season, but a number of players returned from international duty with injuries and are unavailable for the Villarreal game.Ignacio Fernandez, who debuted for Spain in their friendly against Chile on Wednesday, will fill in at left back in the absence of Brazil's Marcelo and Portugal's Fabio Coentrao, Ancelotti said. Cristiano Ronaldo and Isco had recovered from minor problems and were available, he added.The former AC Milan, Chelsea and Paris St Germain coach was also quizzed about the departure of Mesut Ozil to Arsenal on the final day of the transfer window .The wisdom of selling the Germany playmaker has been questioned as he was one of Real's most creative players and had developed a highly effective partnership with Ronaldo.Ozil said he moved to London because he realised Ancelotti did not have sufficient confidence in him."It's clear that no player would leave Real Madrid if he didn't want to," Ancelotti said."We have played three games and he started two of them but with the arrivals of Bale and Isco the player thought he had a lot of competition and asked to leave."It was a technical decision and we are not lacking in anything. In my opinion it was a good offer and everyone is happy. Lots of luck to Ozil."
 The Defense Department on Tuesday announced an agreement in principle to buy 71 more F-35 fighter jets from Lockheed Martin at somewhat lower prices than last year. Pentagon officials said they would pay 4 percent less for 36 of the radar-evading jets under the new orders and 8 percent less than last year's price for the other.People briefed on the latest deal, which includes ancillary equipment, said it was worth more than $7 billion. After years of delays and cost overruns, military officials have been under pressure to reduce the cost of what is by far the Pentagon's largest program, which could cost $392 billion for more than,400 planes."There is still work to be done, but these agreements are proof the cost arrow is moving in the right direction," said Lt. Gen. Christopher Bogdan, the program's executive officer . "We will continue to work with industry to identify areas for savings in future production contracts." The Defense Department said the lower prices enabled it to buy all the planes it had planned in what will be its sixth and seventh purchase lots. That included several jets that officials had feared might be slashed by automatic budget cuts under the sequestration process. Officials said they would release more detailed cost data once the contracts were completed.Lt. Gen. Bogdan sharply criticized Lockheed Martin and his own staff after he took charge of the program last year. The relationship "is the worst I've ever seen, and I've been in some bad ones," he said. He was upset that it took more than a year to negotiate the price of the fifth lot of the jets.He sounded much more conciliatory on Tuesday, saying that the two new contracts, which were negotiated together in six months, "represent a fair deal that is beneficial to the government and Lockheed Martin ." He said the company and the government were working together now to lower costs .The Pentagon is building variants of the plane for the Air Force, the Navy and the Marines. Officials said that the costs had eased for each customer under the new contracts.The new contracts also include the first F-35s for Australia, Italy and Norway, and a fourth F-35 for Britain.Deliveries of jets in the sixth batch will begin by mid, with deliveries in the seventh batch starting by mid.All told, 10 nations have expressed interest in buying an additional 700 planes.Aviation analysts have said that the price of the jets must continue to drop for Lockheed Martin to reach that sales target.
ROME — Mario Gomez scored his first Serie A goals and Giuseppe Rossi made it three for the season as Fiorentina continued their impressive start by beating Genoa 5-2 on Sunday. Inter Milan also kept pace with league leaders Napoli after an easy 3-0 win at Catania . AC Milan bounced back from last week's defeat at Hellas Verona with a 3-1 win at home to Cagliari in an entertaining evening during which 32 goals were scored in eight games, making it a total of 43 in an action-packed weekend.Alberto Aquilani put Fiorentina ahead at Genoa after 10 minutes before Giuseppe Rossi doubled their lead four minutes later after a howler from Genoa keeper Mattia Perin and Gomez tapped in his first four minutes before the break."I'm looking to score as many goals as I can for Fiorentina, I look to score goals because I'm an attacker," said Rossi, who has been left out of Cesare Prandelli's Italy squad for their qualifiers against Bulgaria and Czech Republic ."I think Prandelli knows better than me what Rossi is capable of," added Fiorentina manager Vicenzo Montella.Alberto Gilardino gave the home side some hope nine minutes after the break with a stunning volley, but Rossi tapped in his third in two games almost immediately afterwards.Francesco Lodi reduced the deficit again on the hour with a penalty following a foul on Gilardino. However, an injury time penalty from Mario Gomez ruined Genoa's celebrations for their 140th anniversary, in which cricket was played on the Stadio Luigi Ferraris pitch before the match.The club's official name is Genoa Cricket and Football Club and it has a cricket team which was re-established in 2007 and who play in Italy's top division.It was one-way traffic in Sicily as Inter look to have put last season's troubles behind them after thumping a fired-up Catania team who have no points after two defeats.Manager Walter Mazzari refused to be drawn on talk that they could mount a title challenge."The only aim we have is to do what we did tonight, prepare well for every match and give the best account of ourselves possible, exactly what I've with my teams throughout my career," he said.Three smartly worked goals from Rodrigo Palacio and Yuto Nagatomo and an exceptional individual effort from Ricky Alvarez were enough for Inter in a impressive performance, and they joined four other sides, including Fiorentina, on six points.Goals from Robinho, Philippe Mexes and Mario Balotelli were enough for AC Milan against a plucky Cagliari team.Brazilian Robinho and Mexes put Massimiliano Allegri's side two goals up after half an hour, only for Marco Sau to pull one back for the away side three minutes later.However, Balotelli's first league goal of the season in the 62nd minute put the result beyond doubt.Earlier on Sunday Roma moved into second place on goal difference after splendid goals from Miralem Pjanic and Adem Ljajic gave them a comfortable 3-0 win over newly promoted Hellas Verona .The home side were playing with the Curva Sud section of the Olympic Stadium shut after racist chanting directed at Balotelli from hardcore fans at the end of last season.
PARIS — Paris St Germain plan to appeal a nine-month ban the French League (LFP) imposed on sporting director Leonardo on Thursday for pushing a referee earlier this month . Television footage showed Brazilian Leonardo bumping into referee Alexandre Castro with his left shoulder in the Parc des Princes tunnel after Ligue 1 champions PSG drew 1-1 with Valenciennes in Ligue 1 on May."The (disciplinary) commission hands him a nine-month ban," the LFP said in a statement, adding that Leonardo was banned from the bench, the referees' dressing-room and from all official functions.The club was quick to react to the news by issuing a statement expressing their support for the Brazilian." Paris Saint-Germain considers this decision to be unjustified and extremely harsh. As a result, and in solidarity with its sporting director, Paris Saint-Germain will appeal this decision," PSG said.PSG were also handed a suspended three-point deduction over the incident for the 2013-14 season.Leonardo, whose suspension runs from May, had denied pushing the referee, saying he was shoved towards Castro by the match delegate."The commission's task was to decide whether the shoulder barge was intentional," commission president Pascal Garibian told a news conference ."The commission retained this idea. The commission judges acts, players, and people independently of a club's notoriety."Leonardo, the former Inter and AC Milan manager, received a two-match suspended ban in November from the French federation's Ethics Committee for criticising the referee after Mamadou Sakho was sent off in a league game at Montpellier .Leonardo's latest suspension is a huge blow for PSG, who are reportedly seeking a replacement for Italian coach Carlo Ancelotti who has said he wants to leave the club .Leonardo would be on the short-list to replace Ancelotti who is under contract with PSG until June.
ROME — Juventus showed why they are still the team to beat in Serie A as the fringe members of their squad helped move them six points clear of unbeaten AS Roma with a seventh straight league victory on Friday.Juve's starting 11 in the comfortable 2-0 win at Bologna featured five non-regulars, including Federico Peluso, who set up Arturo Vidal's 12th minute opener with a superb chipped pass, and out-of-favour strikers Mirko Vucinic and Fabio Quagliarella. All slotted into their required roles with little fuss."The fact that with five players who don't always start the level of performance was that high is the most important thing for me," Juve coach Antonio Conte told reporters ."I knew that whoever I picked would put in a great performance... all my players need to be ready for action." Roma can close the gap back to three with victory at home to Fiorentia on Sunday (1130GMT. Third place Napoli, nine points off Juve, host Udinese later on Saturday (1945 GMT.Since slumping to an embarrassing 4-2 defeat at Fiorentina in October, Conte's Italian champions have been in devastating form, not conceding a goal in their impressive league run and pulling themselves back from the dead in the Champions League ."When I see something that's going wrong, I'm lucky in that I have bright players who listen to me and look to correct those errors," said Conte, whose side have won 13 of their 15 league matches ."We have good players, but our organisation is the bedrock of our game. Everyone knows the job they have to do, so given the quality we have, it's obvious that everything becomes more straightforward."Friday's win was perfect preparation for their Champions League showdown at Galatasaray on Tuesday.They only need a draw in Istanbul to qualify for the last, despite a shaky group stage which has seen them win only once and throw away points through uncharacteristic defensive slip-ups at Copenhagen and against Tuesday's opponents ."We made qualification more difficult for ourselves and it's only right we now have to resolve the situation," added Conti.
ROME — A debut double from 36-year-old Luca Toni gave Hellas Verona a surprise 2-1 triumph over AC Milan on Saturday while new signing Carlos Tevez was on target as champions Juventus won 1-0 at Sampdoria .Trademark headers from former Italian international Toni in the 29th and 53rd minutes gave promoted Verona victory in their first Serie A match for 11 years, the opening league game of the season. Milan produced a disappointing display despite taking a 14th minute lead through Andrea Poli who was also making his debut .The win brought delight to the fans at the Stadio Bentigodi who have had to suffer for more than a decade in the second and third tiers of Italian soccer while their smaller local rivals Chievo Verona flourished in Serie A."They deserved to win . We started well and then we stopped playing. We need to play with more aggression," said Milan coach Massimiliano Allegri."We have to have a different attitude. We had it for 14 minutes and then we started to make mistakes and expose ourselves to counter- attacks ."Tevez's goal on his first league appearance since leaving Manchester City was enough to start Juve's bid for a third straight Serie A title with victory over Sampdoria in monsoon conditions in Genoa later in the day.The unmarked Argentine was on hand to tap into an empty net after Paul Pogba had taken Arturo Vidal's superb through ball and rolled a pass across to Tevez."It was the perfect night for me. It's not easy to understand how the team works so soon," said Juve's new boy. Sampdoria were reduced to 10 men in the final minute when substitute Paolo Castellini was sent off for a reckless sliding challenge on Stephan Lichtsteiner.After the mayor of Verona said on Friday that Milan and Italy striker Mario Balotelli brought abuse on himself, the home side's notorious supporters chose to ironically applaud the player and chant his name instead."We talk too much about this, I think the people gave their response today," Hellas Verona midfielder Massimo Donati told Sky Sports ."I hope this is the start of a season full of celebrations and disappointments but conducted in a civil fashion."As Donati spoke, however, the away fans ripped up seats and launched them at their Verona counterparts after the game.Poli put Milan ahead when he took a neat pass from an otherwise subdued Balotelli before weaving his way past two defenders and providing a calm finish.Allegri's side had the hosts on the back foot at that point but Verona, among the favourites to be relegated, seized control of the midfield with some hard pressing and levelled the score through Toni. Verona started the second half much the brighter and could have had the lead six minutes after the break when Christian Abbiati did well to tip over a powerful Bosko Jankovic header.Two minutes later the Serb clipped in a perfect cross with the outside of his right foot for Toni to score his 110th Serie A goal with another well-placed header.
PARIS — Serena Williams has no qualms about keeping people waiting. But if others want the queen of tennis to play the waiting game - they can think again.The world number one was in no mood to dally around on Philippe Chatrier Court on Thursday as she unleashed all her firepower to wallop Sara Errani 6-0 6-1 to reach the French Open final for the first time since.She blitzed last year's runner-up in 46 spellbinding minutes to complete the most one sided semi-final win at the claycourt grand slam since compatriot Chris Evert whitewashed Camille Benjamin 6-0 6-0 in. Williams appeared to be in a world of her own as she kept Errani hanging around at the net for the coin toss while she very slowly peeled off the dark grey jogging bottoms she wore under her dress and meticulously folded it together.When Williams finally did turn her attention to the Italian, she made short work of her startled opponent .The American, who owns only one Suzanne Lenglen Cup among her 15 grand slam trophies, left the fifth seed down and out after producing 40 screaming winners to set up a showdown with defending champion Maria Sharapova . Errani won only 16 points in the entire match and did not even manage to muster an outright winner from her racket until the 10th game of the contest.IS THAT ME?A shell-shocked Errani repeatedly used just one word to describe her opponent's performance."She played unbelievable. That's it," said Errani ."What she did today is unbelievable. She's an unbelievable player." Williams agreed: "Sometimes I'm surprised. I'm like, Is that me?"The match-up between the two seemed lopsided even before the players got on court . Williams was appearing in her 23rd grand slam semi-final, Errani her third. Williams had won five of their previous meetings, Errani none.When the duo stood side-by-side at the net for the pre-match photocall, just what a tall order the diminutive Errani faced was apparent to all those packed into the arena.There were early signs that it might be a bad day for Errani when she tripped up and landed on her hands after launching into her very first serve.Had she known what would unfold, she may have not bothered getting back on her feet.It was little wonder that when the players retreated to their seats with the American leading, a dejected Errani appeared on the verge of breaking down.She blinked back the tears to finally produce a crosscourt winner in the next game, a point that took 35-minutes in the making, and pumped both arms in the air seconds later when the scoreboard finally registered a game next to her name.The rapturous applause were soon drowned out, however, with yet another booming winner flying off Williams' racket and she finished off proceedings in typical fashion, a blinding ace .
ROME — AS Roma must play their first home game next season with the Curva Sud section of their stadium closed after they lost an appeal against the decision to close the stand following racist abuse aimed at Mario Balotelli ."The Court of Federal Justice has rejected the appeal filed by Roma and has confirmed the closure of the Curva Sud for the first home match...while also confirming a fine of,000 euros,700)," the Italian Football Federation (FIGC) said on its website (www.figc.it) on Friday. Roma were handed the punishment after hardcore fans in that section of the Stadio Olimpico racially abused AC Milan striker Balotelli during their last game of the season against Napoli .The Italian international has long been a target for Serie A crowds with fans of Juventus, Inter Milan and Roma repeat offenders.Roma's match at Milan last month was stopped for two minutes after monkey chants from the away supporters were aimed at former Manchester City forward Balotelli .Warnings were broadcast over the public address system before play restarted. Balotelli was also targeted by Fiorentina fans last month, prompting the striker to take to Twitter to complain.
(Reuters) - Juventus playmaker Andrea Pirlo has suffered sprained knee ligaments and Italian media have predicted he will be out for around 40 days. Juventus said in a statement that the 34-year-old Italian international, who limped off in the first half of Sunday's 1-0 win over Udinese, had undergone tests on Monday."These findings have shown the player has suffered a grade two injury of the medial collateral ligament (MCL) of the right knee," the Serie A leaders said.The club did not give further details but media speculated that Pirlo would be sidelined until January, missing the top-of-the-table clash against AS Roma on the weekend of Jan.Pirlo, whose role as a deep-lying playmaker makes him a rarity in the modern game, has enjoyed a second wind since joining Juventus in 2011 after 10 seasons at AC Milan and inspired them to two successive Serie A titles.Playing just in front of the defence, he dictates the rhythm of the Juventus midfield with a remarkably unhurried style, threading pinpoint passes through the opposing backline.He is also one of the game's greatest free kick specialists and celebrated his 100th appearance for Italy last year with a magnificent effort against Mexico in the Confederations Cup at Rio de Janeiro's Maracana .He was the only Serie A player to be named on the 23-man shortlist for FIFA's Ballon D'Or Player of the Year award.
The Rangers re-signed forward Mats Zuccarello to a one-year contract Tuesday, continuing General Manager Glen Sather's off-season push to retain key restricted free agents for Alain Vigneault, the new coach.Zuccarello, a 5-foot-7 power-play and shootout specialist from Norway, had three goals and five assists and went plus-10 in 15 regular-season games last season after rejoining the Rangers from Metallurg Magnitogorsk of the Kontinental Hockey League . In the playoffs, he scored a goal and seven points in 12 games.In 67 games over three seasons with the Rangers, Zuccarello, 25, has 11 goals, 23 assists and a plus-13 mark.The Rangers avoided arbitration with Zuccarello, who had a hearing was scheduled for Wednesday.His contract is believed to be worth.15 million, leaving Sather about.2 million under the salary cap to re-sign his last significant restricted free agent, the first-line center Derek Stepan .If Arron Asham, Darroll Powe or another veteran is waived to the American Hockey League or is claimed by another N.H.L. team, it would open up more cap space to re-sign Stepan .
 WASHINGTON — Suzan Shown Harjo still becomes tense when she recalls the only Washington Redskins home game she attended, nearly 40 years ago .After she moved to Washington, she and her husband were given tickets. Fans sitting nearby, apparently amused that American Indians were in their midst, pawed their hair and poked them, "not in an unfriendly way, but in a scary way," Ms. Harjo said."We didn't know what was next," she said.Ms. Harjo and her husband left the game, but they never left Washington . The incident fueled her opposition to the team's name and her hope to get the team to change it. Since the 1960s, Ms. Harjo has been at the center of efforts to persuade schools, colleges and professional sports teams to drop American Indian names and mascots that some consider derogatory. The fight has escalated in recent days as groups have intensified lobbying efforts and organized protests, even prompting President Obama to weigh in.The debate tends to settle on one question: how many people must be offended by a team's name for a change to be warranted? The Redskins and the National Football League cite polling in which most respondents said they were not offended by the name, while those lobbying the team to drop its name dispute the accuracy of that data and say that no matter, the word is widely regarded as a slur.More than two-thirds of the roughly,000 teams with American Indian mascots have dropped them, many voluntarily and without incident. Along the way, Ms. Harjo, the director of the Morning Star Institute, a group that promotes Native American causes, became something of a godmother to the cause of eliminating disparaging mascots."She has led this fight early," said Ray Halbritter, a representative of the Oneida Indian Nation, which has paid for advertisements calling on the Redskins to abandon their name. "We stand on her shoulders."But Ms. Harjo considers her work unfinished because the Redskins and other professional teams have insisted on keeping their names. The Kansas City Chiefs, the Atlanta Braves and the Cleveland Indians have also been under scrutiny. In May, Daniel Snyder, the Redskins' owner, echoed his predecessors when he vowed never to change the name. This week he sent a letter to fans defending his decision to keep the team's name, saying: "The name was never a label. It was, and continues to be, a badge of honor."The Redskins, playing in the nation's capital and in the country's wealthiest league, have remained steadfast as many other teams have changed their nicknames since the 1960s. The Redskins' owner at the time, George Preston Marshall, opposed desegregation. Edward Bennett Williams, who owned the team in the 1970s, met with American Indians to discuss the team's name, but little followed."There are so many milestones in this issue," Ms. Harjo, 68, said Monday at an event held by ChangetheMascot.org, a group urging the Redskins to change their name. "It is king of the mountain because it's associated with the nation's capital, so what happens here affects the rest of the country."Ms. Harjo, Mr. Halbritter, Representative Betty McCollum of Minnesota and others who attended the event said that they would continue to call on Mr. Snyder and the N.F.L. to change the team's name. Ms. McCollum, via social media and letters, has received the brunt of the backlash from some fans who think the Redskins should hold their ground.Last week, days before the league's 32 owners were to meet in Washington, the debate was inflamed when President Obama said that he would consider changing the name if he owned the team. Reed Hundt, the former chairman of the Federal Communications Commission, has also called on broadcasters to avoid using the team's nickname.In what amounts to a break in the stalemate, Adolpho Birch, the N.F.L.'s senior vice president for labor policy and government affairs, sent a letter last Friday to Peter Carmen, the chief operating officer of the Oneida Indian Nation. Mr. Birch suggested that they meet before their previously scheduled meeting on Nov. 22.Speaking at the N.F.L. owners meeting Tuesday, Commissioner Roger Goodell reaffirmed his view that the Redskin name stands for honor and is not derogatory. "But whenever you have a situation like this, you have to listen and recognize that some people might have different perspectives," Goodell added.Ms. Harjo, a citizen of the Cheyenne and Arapaho tribes, spent her first 11 years on a farm in an Oklahoma reservation. Her family's home had no indoor plumbing or electricity, and her idea of wealth was to have ice cubes in her drink, she said. Ms. Harjo's great-grandfather was Chief Bull Bear, who battled the government over land in the 1800s. As a teenager, she lived with her family in Naples, Italy, where her father was stationed in the United States Army .
NAPLES, Fla. — Boo Weekley has withdrawn from the Franklin Templeton Shootout because of two family deaths.Tournament organizers say Weekley's grandfather and uncle died in the last 10 days. No other details were immediately available. Tournament director Taylor Ives says Weekley was close to both and needs to be with his family this week.Weekley won the Colonial in May and qualified for the Tour Championship for the first time in six years.He was replaced in the field at Tiburon Golf Club by Freddie Jacobson, who will team with two-time U.S. Open champion Retief Goosen.
(Reuters) - Napoli gave new coach Rafael Benitez a flying start when they beat Bologna 3-0 in their opening Serie A game on Sunday while predecessor Walter Mazzarri celebrated his first league game in charge of Inter Milan with a 2-0 win over Genoa . Benitez was able to enjoy his debut for Napoli as last season's runners-up began life without Edinson Cavani by over-running Bologna with two goals from Marek Hamsik and one from Spaniard Jose Callejon who was making his debut .Mazzarri, by contrast, was made to suffer as Inter Milan spluttered to a 2-0 win with late goals from Yuto Nagatomo and Rodrigo Palacio at a half-empty San Siro .Mazzarri, Inter's sixth coach since Jose Mourinho left after completing the treble three years ago, was greeted by a lukewarm response as he replaced Andrea Stramaccioni who led Inter to a dismal ninth last season, including seven home defeats."These boys hadn't won at home for 4-1/2 months, they had to exorcise a psychosis," Mazzarri told Sky Sports Italia."We are getting better and we are finding a balance. We are improving more than I had anticipated, we've done a lot in a short space of time."In other games, AS Roma beat promoted Livorno 2-0 on coach Rudi Garcia's debut while Hernanes and Antonio Candreva, from a penalty, scored in the first 20 minutes to set up a 2-1 win for Lazio over Udinese . Torino overcame Sassuolo, another promoted side, while Cagliari beat Atalanta 2-1 and Parma and Chievo played out a goalless stalemate . Cagliari, unable to find a suitable venue in Sardinia, played their game in Trieste on the border with Slovenia, around,000 kilometres from their base.There was plenty for Benitez to celebrate at Napoli as Gonzalo Higuain also made an impressive debut following his move from Real Madrid while Pepe Reina in goal was barely tested."I saw perfect training sessions and expected this sort of match from my men," Benitez, whose lasted only six months as coach of Inter Milan on his only previous venture into Italian football, told Sky Sports Italia."This team has a lot of quality and in attack we can use any combination of (Goran) Pandev, Hamsik, Higuain, Callejon and (Lorenzo) Insigne, as well as another striker. We have the capability to change things around often."Callejon his the post early on and put Napoli ahead in the 32nd minute from a rebound after Hamsik's shot had been saved.Higuain had a goal ruled out for offside shortly afterwards before Hamsik scored a brilliant second, slaloming his way through the defence before scoring from a narrow angle despite being off-balance.Although Napoli slowed after the break, they were still in control and Hamsik turned in Goran Pandev's cross just after the hour for their third.It was a different story at San Siro where Mazzarri was visibly relieved on the touchline when Rodrigo Palacio sealed victory with Inter's second goal in stoppage time after Yuto Nagatomo had put them ahead with a fortuitous goal.Mazzarri, Inter's sixth coach since Jose Mourinho left after completing the treble three years ago, was greeted by a lukewarm atmosphere for his first league game since replacing Andrea Stramaccioni who led Inter to a dismal ninth last season. Inter dominated the game but, with captain Javier Zanetti, defender Walter Samuel and striker Diego Milito still missing with long-term injuries, their play was disjointed and shoddy. Genoa, playing their first match under new coach Fabio Liverani, offered little threat of their own and Inter finally broke through with 15 minutes left when Jonathan's deflected cross caught their defence offguard and Nagatomo headed in at the far post.Argentine Mauro Icardi, signed from Sampdoria in the close season, saw his header hit the crossbar shortly afterwards before compatriot Palacio latched on to Fredy Guarin's through ball to slip the ball past Mattia Perin.
ROME — There is a striking scene in "The Great Beauty," Paolo Sorrentino 's luscious new film, in which Jep Gambardella, a perpetually amused, impeccably tailored blocked novelist, looks down on the hulking body of the Costa Concordia cruise ship, which has been lodged off the Tuscan coast since its captain all but sank it there nearly two years ago .The camera pans slowly along the horizon as Jep, played by Toni Servillo, surveys the ship, a larger-than-life metaphor for a career — and a country — run aground. More than any other film to emerge from Italy in recent years, "The Great Beauty" ("La Grande Bellezza") explores one of the most difficult questions in Italy today: What happened here?How did this country — that has a natural beauty and a culture that are the envy of the world; that produced Federico Fellini and Anna Magnani; that hurtled from poverty to prosperity in a two-decade postwar economic boom ; that has been in the avant-garde of art since neorealism, if not Dante — reach the languorous impasse at which it finds itself now? How did it become this strange hothouse where the debate set to begin in Parliament this week revolves around whether applying the rule of law, a conviction against the former prime minister Silvio Berlusconi for tax fraud, puts the country's stability at risk?Mr. Sorrentino's film, which has been described as a Technicolor "La Dolce Vita" for the Berlusconi era, doesn't confront the question directly. Instead, it follows Jep on a kaleidoscopic Orphic journey on which his fellow travelers include an aging stripper, a struggling playwright, cash-poor aristocrats, a vacuous cardinal and a would-be saint — set against the photogenic backdrop of Rome."The Great Beauty" appeared in Europe this summer and is scheduled for release by Janus Films in New York and Los Angeles in November. It made its debut at Cannes in May and will play at the Toronto International Film Festival this week.On a warm late August afternoon, Mr. Sorrentino, who at 43 has already become one of Italy's most important directors, sat in his high-ceiling study in Rome and reflected on what compelled him to make the film . What he wanted to convey, he said, was a general atmosphere. In Rome today, "since it's hard to be optimistic, it's hard to be positive, there's a kind of lassitude that found its symbolic culmination in dancing, in conga lines, in trying to seduce the beautiful woman of the moment or the beautiful man of the moment," Mr. Sorrentino said, settling into an armchair and puffing on a small cigar. "It seemed that this had become the principal occupation of the country."The Roman rooftop terrace parties in "The Great Beauty" show a culture that is blocked, resigned, embalmed in elegant decline, where some seek religion and others cocaine, and intellectuals talk endlessly about what's wrong and yet inertia overwhelms all forward momentum."Obviously, it's not only like that," he continued. "There are lots of people who work and do wonderful and commendable things, but there's still a sense that the nerve centers of the country had fallen asleep on their couches at home. And so I tried to turn that into a film — that everything had become a bit of a salon.""The Great Beauty" is not a political film per se, but while other contemporary Italian directors have looked to the past or produced more prosaic dramas, Mr. Sorrentino is one of the few to engage fully with the culture of excess that has come to characterize the Italy of Mr. Berlusconi, prime minister, most recently, until. (Two notable examples are Nanni Moretti's 2006 "Il Caimano," about a director unable to make a film about an unnamed media mogul, and Matteo Garrone's 2012 "Reality," about obsession with reality TV.) Mr. Sorrentino's fresh, timely response is rare even beyond Italy, as artists have largely not yet addressed the economic crisis and social shifts that have swept across Europe over the past several years.The film has been the talk of Rome all summer. Beyond debates about its merits, and its portrayal of the complicity of the left-wing elite in the country's decline, responses have often reflected Italy's polarization over Mr. Berlusconi.Some criticize what they consider the film's exaggerated sense of decline. Riffing acerbically on the film's reception, the critic Mariarosa Mancuso wrote in the pro-Berlusconi newspaper Il Foglio: "It's a Kierkegaardian film . It's a Célinian film . It's a faithful portrait of the Eternal City. It's a faithful portrait of Italy today." She added: "Federico Fellini in 'La Dolce Vita' leaned on the balustrade to look down. Today, there isn't even a balustrade anymore; it's collapsed, too."Mr. Sorrentino welcomes the debate. "The film makes you face questions that might be irritating," he said. "There's a tendency among Italians to say: 'We're not part of that,' 'I'm not part of that.' Many people went out of their way to say that they weren't a part of it, and they were the ones who were most a part of it."Mr. Sorrentino grew up in a middle-class family in Naples. When he was, his parents died in an accident, a gas leak . At an early age, he started working with theater actors, including Mr. Servillo, who has become for him what Marcello Mastroianni was for Fellini. Mr. Sorrentino's first feature-length film, "One Man Up, stars Mr. Servillo as a washed-up Neapolitan lounge singer. In "The Consequences of Love, Mr. Servillo plays a Mafia bag man living in a Swiss hotel . Sean Penn was on the jury at Cannes in 2008 that lauded Mr. Sorrentino's "Il Divo" and afterward the director cast Mr. Penn in "This Must Be the Place" (2011) as a heavy-metal singer who tries to avenge his Holocaust-survivor father."The Great Beauty" did not appear at the Venice Film Festival, a telling sign about its declining importance as a place to sell films but also of Mr. Sorrentino's uneasy relationship with Italy's politicized cultural establishment.In Europe, culture, politics and aesthetics have always been deeply intertwined. It is a theme that Mr. Sorrentino has explored before more directly in "Il Divo," about the seven-time Italian prime minister Giulio Andreotti. It also starred Mr. Servillo and was set in the sepulchral halls of power in Rome, filled with classical busts, where politicians have been wheeling and dealing uninterruptedly for millenniums."Il Divo" won the jury prize at Cannes, a vindication for Mr. Sorrentino and his producers, who had met significant resistance in finding financing for the film in Italy because of its critical take on Mr. Andreotti. (He died in May.)"Berlusconi gave a serious contribution to this climate," Mr. Sorrentino said. His conduct, his insistence on "having fun as a categorical imperative, on the ephemeral," left its mark on Italy. "If it's done by someone in a position of great responsibility, it becomes in my view a kind of license for many people."To the perennial question — How is it possible that Mr. Berlusconi still has a grip on Italy? — Mr. Sorrentino offers an aesthetic answer through his latest movie : Everyone loves a party .Mr. Sorrentino has also been criticized for being too baroque, a claim he refutes. "Considering that cinema is aging, it seems strange to me that it shouldn't ask questions about style," he said, as the evening light poured into his study." Films that only have content have already been done," Mr. Sorrentino said. "All disciplines need innovation, and innovation comes more readily through form than through substance."In the final credits of "The Great Beauty," the camera glides in a boat down the green-brown Tiber. There is no music, only the cawing of birds. Time stops, and everything is beautiful, as only Italy can be.
MADRID — Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti suggested Karim Benzema needs to work harder after the France forward was again roundly whistled by home fans in Sunday's 3-1 victory over Athletic Bilbao .Benzema has blown hot and cold since joining the nine- times European champions from Olympique Lyon in, although Sunday's reaction from the frustrated faithful was perhaps a touch harsh given that he set up both Isco's goals.Instead of backing his player, however, Ancelotti, who replaced Jose Mourinho at the end of last season, told a news conference he understood the crowd's reaction.He suggested Benzema could learn from Real's energetic and tenacious Argentina forward Angel Di Maria."Today one thing was very clear," Ancelotti said."Benzema was whistled a bit, while Di Maria was applauded by whole stadium," added the Italian."The fans look closely at the players. It's a very clear sign for everyone that hard work is applauded."Ancelotti had little new to say about the possible arrival of Gareth Bale from Tottenham Hotspur before the transfer window closes on Monday.Portugal fullback Fabio Coentrao, who has reportedly been seeking an exit, will be staying."I don't know what will happen tomorrow, I cannot say today that the squad is closed," Ancelotti said."Coentrao is staying and I think everyone is very pleased with this decision. I did not want him to leave."
ROME — Two Serie A players were banned for three months and 10 days and fined,000 euros,655.98 pounds) each on Friday after entering plea bargains in a long-running match-fixing scandal. Torino striker Paulo Vitor de Souza Barreto and Genoa defender Giovanni Marchese were handed the bans by the Italian Football Federation for failing to report alleged match-fixing in the Serie B match between Salernitana and Bari in May, 2009.Davide Lanzafame, who is on loan at Hungarian club Honved from Sicilian side Catania, received a 16-month ban and a,000 euros fine after also entering a plea bargain.The sentences were handed down after investigations into matches involving Bari in the 2008-2009 Serie B season and the 2010-2011 Serie A campaign.The prosecution alleges that players deliberately threw matches against Sampdoria and Palermo in order to earn,000 euros.The inquiry is being conducted by magistrates in Bari and federal prosecutor Stefano Palazzi. Seven players plea-bargained on Thursday.
 MILAN — Inter Milan owner Massimo Moratti said on Thursday no binding agreement had yet been reached to sell a stake in the Italian football club to Indonesian tycoon Erick Thohir, although he saw no major obstacles to a sale.Earlier on Thursday a source close to the talks said a preliminary deal had been agreed at a meeting in Paris on Wednesday. The deal was not yet legally binding and final signatures were outstanding, the source added .Thohir, a wealthy businessman with an interest in various sports ventures globally, and Moratti have been in talks about a potential deal for months. Italian media have said Thohir might be willing to pay up to 350 million euros (295 million pounds ) for 75 percent of the cash-strapped Serie A club."No, absolutely not," Moratti said in recorded comments made to reporters in Milan and sent to Reuters, in response to a question on whether a binding deal had been reached.Moratti said another month of talks would be needed."There are no major problems to reach an eventual agreement," he added.Thohir is part owner of Major League Soccer club DC United and NBA team the Philadelphia 76ers .Moratti had previously said he was not ready to sell a majority interest in the club, which is loss-making and has debts of about 300 million euros .Moratti does not expect to remain at the club as chairman after the deal, saying on Thursday: "I don't know. With this situation... no, I don't think so." Inter are traditionally one of the three biggest clubs in Italian football with champions Juventus and city rivals AC Milan .They have not won a trophy since 2010 and finished a disappointing ninth last season, missing out on a place in the lucrative Champions League .Walter Mazzari's side have had an encouraging start to the new campaign and are third in Serie A with seven points from three games, two points behind Napoli and AS Roma .Italian football has not attracted the major foreign investment seen in countries like England and France.Europe's top league in the 1990s, Serie A has been tarnished by a series of corruption scandals and hooliganism has reduced crowd numbers.Italian clubs have been held back commercially because many of them do not own their stadiums and have been unable to upgrade them to cater fully for wealthy corporate clients . Inter, for example, share the San Siro stadium with AC Milan and the ground is owned by the local authorities .
Alessandra Ferri, like so many ballerinas before her, knew when it was time to quit. At, she retired from American Ballet Theater, performing her final Juliet there in.But Ms. Ferri, one of the great dramatic dancers of her time, isn't just any ballerina. She joined Ballet Theater from the Royal Ballet at the invitation of Mikhail Baryshnikov and was instantly embraced as an incandescent creature whose performances were raw because they were real. It's easy to see why dancers who rely on technical wizardry hang up their point shoes. But why did Ms. Ferri have to stop? As she later realized, she didn't. After a six-year break, she is back, starring in Martha Clarke's production of "Chéri.""We often think of dance as being the ballerina," Ms. Ferri said in an interview at the Signature Theater, where "Chéri" is playing through Dec. 29. (It officially opens on Sunday.) "You think, 'Oh, I cannot do that anymore,' or 'I do not want to do that anymore, so stop.' But no: There's a huge world out there that is dance, that we don't look at when we are in our tutu world. I freed myself of that tradition and of that costume, and I am ready to look around."Ms. Ferri, 50, will play Lea in the Colette tale about an older woman who separates from her younger lover. Directed by Ms. Clarke, the production is a blend of dance, theater and music featuring the Ballet Theater principal Herman Cornejo as Chéri, the actress Amy Irving as his mother and the pianist Sarah Rothenberg."It's delicate," Ms. Clarke said. "It looks like an Impressionist watercolor to me."Ms. Irving's character is the only one who speaks. Most of the tale is told through movement, drawing on Ms. Ferri's uncanny ability to tell a story with her body, from the smallest of glances to slippery, titanic turns that send her spinning off-balance and into the arms of Mr. Cornejo."In my path as a dancer, I've always been interested in crossing the boundaries slightly between dance and theater," she said. "More and more, I want to use my language to act.""Chéri" is about the end of a relationship, a circumstance she recently experienced in her personal life . Ms. Ferri and the photographer Fabrizio Ferri, with whom she has two daughters, 12 and, separated after 15 years together. (The former couple, both born in Italy, coincidentally share the same last name.) At the time, Ms. Ferri was working on "The Piano Upstairs," a dance-theater work by John Weidman about the dissolution of a marriage . It was performed in Spoleto, Italy, last summer."What can you do?" Ms. Ferri said with a sigh and a smile. "You have to face the reality of life."When she started working on "The Piano Upstairs," which Ms. Ferri choreographed, they were still together. "Then, because it took two years to make, the event of life ended up telling a story," she said. "It's not exactly the same story, but definitely the separation did happen."She paused. "I don't know whether to laugh or cry, but that's what it is," she said. "Life is always surprising, and surprises are a good sign. It means we are still in the middle of our path."Finding "Chéri" along that path was fortuitous."I definitely felt I understood this woman very well," Ms. Ferri said. "She is my age, and I think how important it is to have the chance of being who you are. So many times, particularly in dance, you grow as a human being, but the roles are always the same."In Mr. Cornejo, 32, Ms. Ferri has also found chemistry with another Argentine dancer. (Her longtime ballet partner was the magnetic Julio Bocca.) When Mr. Cornejo learned about Ms. Ferri's involvement, he recalled his reaction: "With Alessandra, I said yes, closing my eyes."Ms. Ferri is a great admirer of Mr. Cornejo's. He "has a technique that is one in a million," she said. But she's most impressed by his willingness to give up ballet pyrotechnics for "Chéri.""At his young age, and at the peak of his career," she continued, "to have the courage of saying, 'O.K., I'm going to do something now where I will not use the tool that is my security .' He's just wonderful and 100 percent present. He's real."For a production like "Chéri," which is so dependent on details, Ms. Clarke speaks of harnessing each gesture to an emotional truth."There are some wonderful, bracing silences where they just stand and look in each other's eyes," she said of the two dancers. "It's fascinating to see how much depth they bring to a kind of minimalism. They're not pushed on by a bar line, a conductor or an orchestra. I have asked them, as actors, to find where the movement registers. What I've tried to do is make a place where this has been about their discovery of each other, as fellow artists, as well as characters."Ms. Ferri said she plans to continue that exploration with other projects. One is "The Raven," a Gotham Chamber Opera production directed and choreographed by Luca Veggetti, to be staged in May. Later in, she'll portray the Italian actress Eleonora Duse at La Scala in a new ballet by John Neumeier. She has also participated in a workshop for a new musical by Andy Blankenbuehler."I felt like a fish out of water for most of it," she said. "When I saw the way everybody else moved around me, I thought, 'I will never do that.' But I was open. Who knows?"Still, she has her limits. "I will never sing," she said, laughing. "I will say that now."Ms. Ferri, who lives in New York with her daughters, stressed that her return to the stage has nothing to do with craving applause."I'll always remember my very first performance," she said. "It was in London in 'Mayerling.' I was barely 19 years old. I walked out there, and the music for the pas de deux started, and I felt something open in my chest. I just expanded, I exploded right there."That feeling that I get from dancing and from being onstage — the profound feeling of fulfillment — I just can't replace that with anything else. I know that I'm really alive there. I'm not just living."
(Reuters) - Ireland have named Under-21 coach Noel King as caretaker manager of the senior national team following the departure of Giovanni Trapattoni, the Football Association of Ireland said on Monday.Italian Trapattoni left the job two weeks ago after World Cup qualifying defeats by Sweden and Austria effectively ended the team's chances of reaching next year's tournament in Brazil.Trapattoni, 74, took charge of Ireland in 2008 after successful spells as manager of clubs including Juventus, Inter Milan and Bayern Munich and the Italian national team .Former Celtic and Sunderland manager Martin O'Neill has been installed by bookmakers as favourite to succeed Trapattoni on a permanent basis.
Pep Guardiola is back on the treadmill. A Spaniard who took a year's sabbatical after winning 14 trophies in four years with Barcelona, he is now holding a retreat in the Dolomites in northern Italy.His new players speak a different language. But Bayern Munich, too, has swept all before it at every level of German and European soccer ."It would be arrogant," Guardiola said in German, "to talk about the start of a new era. I will try to continue with the high-level game that Jupp Heynckes achieved. You don't need to be changing a lot of things in a team that has just won every title ."Guardiola paused, appearing to marshal in his mind his next words in a language he had studied over the past six months in New York, where he and his family had taken time out from the competitive stresses he has known principally in his native Catalonia."I am a bit nervous," he said at his introductory news conference in Munich last week. "Everyone has their opinions about playing football . Bayern have won everything; during my time as coach at Barcelona, we won everything, so it's normal there will be interest.""Interest" would be an understatement in any language. "It will only be little things we will be changing," Guardiola added, "really tiny."His news conference was followed by another introducing Mario Götze, the playmaker whom Munich had just paid.5 million to buy from Borussia Dortmund .Again, deference. "I'm sure I can develop here," the 21-year-old Götze told reporters .Intriguingly, Matthias Sammer, the sport director at Bayern, let it slip that Götze's name, and his consummate adaptability and invention with the ball, had been discussed with Guardiola even before the coach agreed to his three-year deal."It was very clear early on what kind of player he was after," Sammer said. "Mario's name came up quickly."Guardiola "seemed to think it was impossible to get a player like that," Sammer said. "When we explained that it might be a possibility, he was very excited." The.5 million release clause in Götze's contract with Dortmund was easily within Munich's budget.But how Götze will fit in, and how Guardiola will juggle the roles of the adaptable Thomas Müller, the emerging Xherdan Shaqiri and Götze are all part of the mystique of team building and blending.How much, if at all, will Guardiola tamper with the indefatigable work ethic that Heynckes persuaded the wings Arjen Robben and Franck Ribéry to add to their flair? How will he change anything on a team that, among other things, utterly destroyed the side that he built for his former club, Barcelona ?"Everybody is very, very polite to us," Guardiola said. And polite, too, was the Catalan's way of sidestepping issues over the personalities and players he has inherited and has yet to strike a rapport with."I take over a team that played exceptionally in the last season," he said. "When you are Bayern Munich, you always have pressure to play well."It's one of the world's biggest clubs. With that comes pressure, but I accept this challenge without fear. That is why I am the coach."The players, of course, spoke of their new boss in that same polite way. Philipp Lahm, the captain, said the first days had been fun. Guardiola, he said, "is the pleasant kind."Lahm added: "One can talk with him about everything. He has a clear vision. You can tell the coach is full of energy and has a clear idea of how he wants to play. We are hungry again, and we want to win more titles."Saying it and showing it, and somehow putting a new accent upon it, will all come under the microscope as soon as the new season starts in a month.The getting to know one another began with handshakes at the Säbener Strasse training base in Munich. But it swiftly moved to the comparative serenity of Riva del Garda in northern Italy, where not,000 but,500 Bavarians clamor to watch training sessions in temperatures around 86 degrees.The fans will get to see Bayern play a friendly against Brescia on Tuesday. They will probably see players in familiar roles and out to show their new coach — and the new assistants he brings — that their desire is unimpaired by the summer celebrations, or by the retirement of Heynckes.History passes swiftly in soccer . It has to, because Borussia Dortmund, the team that Munich beat in the Bundesliga, and beat, 2-1, in the Champions League final in May in London, is also regrouping."I was not as depressed as you might have imagined," Borussia Coach Jürgen Klopp said over the weekend. "A win at Wembley would have brought other problems. Then we would have won all that there is to win — it is not so bad that it did not work the first time."Klopp has tried to reverse the psychology of winning and losing. His team, which is taught to play closer to the Guardiola ethos of movement and control rather than Bayern's more physical approach, has lost Götze but gained a striker, Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang, from Saint-Étienne in France and a defender, Sokratis Papastathopoulos, from Werder Bremen in Germany.While Klopp wants his team to give fewer goals, Guardiola wants to improve a Munich attack that scored 98 goals last season in the Bundesliga . "I don't like it when the opposition has the ball," Guardiola said. "And when we have it, I want to score more goals."Subconsciously perhaps, Guardiola sounded like the Catalan he is. He was expounding on the expressive soccer learned in his childhood at Barça's academy. Converting Germans to that style of play might take a little time and persuasion.
ROME — Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal will renew their rivalry in the Italian Open final Sunday — exactly a week before the French Open starts.In Saturday's semifinals at the Foro Italico, Federer held off a stiff challenge from Frenchman Benoit Paire, 6-4. Six-time Rome champion Nadal defeated sixth-seeded Tomas Berdych, 6-4, a day after Berdych rallied to beat top-ranked Novak Djokovic .It will mark Nadal's eighth consecutive final since his return earlier this year from a seven-month layoff because of a left knee injury . As for Federer, who recently returned from a seven-week break from the circuit, it will be his first final of the year."We are here in 2013 and he is No. (3) in the world and I am No. 5 after not playing months and we are still playing good, and I hope that this is not going to be the last time," Nadal said.On the women's side, top-ranked Serena Williams moved within one victory of winning her fourth consecutive title this year. She'll face third-seeded Victoria Azarenka in the final. Williams overcame an early break of her serve to ease past Romanian qualifier Simona Halep, 6-0 and extend her career-best winning run to 23 matches. Azarenka kept her concentration through two rain delays to beat seventh-seeded Sara Errani, 7-5. Williams is coming off consecutive titles in Miami, Charleston and Madrid.The men's final will mark the 30th meeting between Federer and Nadal, and it will be a rematch of the 2006 Rome final that Nadal won in a fifth- set tiebreaker . These days, Masters series finals are best-of-three sets. Nadal holds a 19-10 edge head to head against Federer, but they have split their last four meetings."It's nice to have these revival moments for both of us," Federer said. "I'm sure we're both looking forward to it. I clearly am." Federer overcame a break of his serve midway through the first set against the 36th-ranked Paire, who was playing his first Masters series semifinal. The set was decided by just a few points in the tiebreaker, which Federer closed out with an overhead smash. Federer then went ahead with an early break in the second set and stayed in front from there. Nadal broke in the opening game of his match and immediately took control.After being pushed to three sets in his previous two matches — against Latvian qualifier Ernests Gulbis and fourth-seeded David Ferrer — Nadal appeared back in his comfort zone against Berdych."The first set was fantastic," Nadal said. "I think I played one of the best matches since I'm back."Williams' only title at this clay-court event came in, when she beat Justine Henin in the final. That was also the year she won her only French Open title . Last year in Paris, Williams lost in the opening round of a major tournament for the first time, falling to 111th-ranked Virginie Razzano of France."I love the clay. I haven't had many wins at Roland Garros, but I do love it. I love to slide," Williams said. "My goal is just to win a match there this year." Williams had twice won 21 matches in a row before, although both of those runs came more than a decade ago, in 2002 and the beginning of.Martina Navratilova established the longest women's win streak in the Open Era at 74 matches in.At, Williams is back at the top of her game after missing 11 months in 2010 and 2011 with a right foot injury and a pulmonary embolism. Williams went directly to the practice court after winning."I was unhappy with some things today," she said. "I want to do well here as well as (in Paris."It's Azarenka's first final since beating Williams for the title in February at Doha. That followed her Australian Open victory. Since then, Azarenka has been slowed by right ankle and left foot injuries.
MADRID — A look at the life and career of Carlo Ancelotti, also known as 'Carletto', who was named as Real Madrid coach on Tuesday.- Ancelotti was born in Reggiolo, Italy in June.- A combative midfielder for Parma, AS Roma and AC Milan, he helped Roma win the 1983 Serie A title and four Italian Cups before joining AC Milan in 1986 where he added two more league championships, as well as back-to-back European Cup triumphs in 1989 and.- Ancelotti was capped 26 times for Italy, scored once and played in the 1990 World Cup .- He became coach for the first time at Reggiana in 1995 and earned them promotion from Serie B, before joining Parma for two seasons. He replaced Marcello Lippi at Juventus in February, but failed to match the success of the previous boss. He returned to the San Siro as coach of AC Milan in.- He won two Champions Leagues, a Serie A title, a Coppa Italia and the 2007 FIFA Club World Cup . In late May, he announced he was leaving Milan after guiding them to third spot in Serie A.- A day later he succeeded Guus Hiddink as Chelsea manager, signing a three-year contract.- Ancelotti made a flying start at Stamford Bridge with his side winning their opening six matches.- Chelsea trailed Manchester United in the Premier League going into the last six games of the season, but a 2-1 victory at their rivals sent them top and they went on to take the league title, finishing with an 8-0 drubbing of Wigan Athletic .- Chelsea completed the 2009-10 double with a 1-0 victory over Portsmouth in the FA Cup final .- Despite starting the new season with successive 6-0 wins and leading the table until November, the victories dried up, turning up the heat on Ancelotti for the first time since his arrival.- Chelsea were struggling to stay in the top four in January and owner Roman Abramovich's dream of winning the Champions League was frustrated three months later as they lost to Manchester United in the quarter-finals .- Ancelotti was sacked after ending the season with a 1-0 defeat at Everton that left them nine points behind United in the final standings.- Ancelotti joined Paris Saint-Germain in December 2011 and the club ended the campaign as Ligue 1 runners-up.- The following season he led them to their first French league title since 1994 with two matches to spare.- Ancelotti informed PSG that he wanted to leave but the club turned down his request in May.- Ancelotti is one of only six people - along with Miguel Munoz, Giovanni Trapattoni, Johan Cruyff, Frank Rijkaard and Pep Guardiola - to have lifted the European Cup as both a player and coach.
GUIDONIA, Italy — Emanuele Tedeschi wiped  sawdust from his hands and gestured around the cavernous woodworking factory that has been in his family for two  generations. The big machines, which used to run overtime carving  custom furnishings for private homes, Roman palazzi  and even the  Vatican,  sat idle on a shop floor nearly devoid of workers.''A year and a half ago, the noise from production was so loud that  you had to shout to be heard,'' said Mr. Tedeschi, walking amid  pallets of cherry and other fine woods stacked up and waiting for a purpose.Since a government austerity plan designed to shield Italy from   Europe's debt crisis took hold last year, the economy has tumbled  into one of worst recessions of any euro zone country, and Mr.  Tedeschi's orders have all but dried up.  His company, Temeca, is still in business . For now.But among Italy's estimated six  million companies, businesses of all  sizes have been going belly up at the rate of,000 a day over the  last year, especially among the small and midsize companies that  represent the backbone of Italy's.5 trillion euro, or $2 trillion, economy .The situation has become more urgent after inconclusive elections  in February that left politics in Rome gridlocked . ''With no one  governing the country, there will be more paralysis, so things will get worse,'' said Mr. Tedeschi, 49, casting a worried glance at his wife and their 23-year-old son. They help fill the trickle of orders, now that Mr. Tedeschi has had to lay off 6 of the 11 full-time employees he had in mid.A new caretaker government, which could be installed in weeks, is  unlikely to be strong enough to pass growth -enhancing reforms,  deepening problems for Italy, and for Europe, that could take years to reverse.''This underscores the likelihood of Italy having a Japan -like decade  with phenomenally slow growth,'' said Kenneth S. Rogoff,  a professor  at Harvard University and former chief economist of the International Monetary Fund . ''And it raises painful questions about the long-run stability of   growth in the euro zone over all.''And with the European Union standing as America's largest trading  partner, problems that plague Europe's economy are felt across the Atlantic.Italy's political quagmire might not roil global financial markets  right away, Mr. Rogoff added. But it raises the specter of the  European crisis ''grinding on and on,'' he said,  and would certainly  make it harder for European leaders to cut deals ''on the big-picture things that are needed to stabilize Europe.''The afflictions of Italy's economy, one of Europe's largest, are not  necessarily new, of course: a lumbering bureaucracy, stifling labor  regulations and a heavy reliance on companies with 50 or fewer employees that are struggling to compete in the global marketplace .As  the 17-nation euro currency union's economy was expanding  an  average of 1 percent for much of the last decade, Italy grew at only half that  rate, according to the International Monetary Fund .But Italy's longstanding problems have grown worse in the last year as tax increases and spending cuts were pressed by Mr. Monti, who took over as prime minister in November 2011 after the euro crisis forced out Silvio Berlusconi . Last year the economy shrank .4 percent.One in two small companies cannot pay its employees on time, according to CGIA di Mestre, a research institute . With layoffs surging, unemployment rose to.7 percent in January. Youth unemployment has jumped to.7 percent.The austerity program was intended to reduce the risk of a debt crisis and ensure the backing of the European Central Bank, but instead it left the country with no growth . And without growth, Italy will have a harder time paying down its 2 trillion euros .6 trillion) in debt, one of the largest debt burdens in the euro zone ."For growth and unemployment to improve, we need to have a government that can remove uncertainty for businesses, consumers, investors and banks," said Tito Boeri, the director of the Fondazione Rodolfo Debenedetti, a research firm based in Milan . " Political instability is probably one of the most damaging things for the economy ."
NAPLES, Fla. — Matt Kuchar and Harris English ran away with the Franklin Templeton Shootout, shooting a 14-under 58 on Sunday in the final-round scramble to break the tournament course record. Kuchar and English finished at 34-under, playing their last 28 holes at Tiburon in 25 under. They opened with a 64 on Friday in modified alternate-shot play and had a 60 on Saturday in better ball.The duo beat Retief Goosen and Fredrik Jacobsen by seven strokes, matching the tournament record for margin of victory set by Curtis Strange and Mark O'Meara in 1989 in the inaugural event."It was a fun week," Kuchar said. "This is one of my favorite events of the year. I wish we could more team events. I realize during the year, that's difficult but to mix up the formats and have a partner here is just a lot of fun. It's nice to perform well." Kuchar and English, who replaced the injured Brandt Snedeker in the field, each earned,000."It's such a relaxing event," Harris said. "It's really cool being part of this event."Goosen and Jacobsen closed with a, but had little chance to catch the winners."It was unbelievable, quite an exhibition," Jacobson said. "Both guys were putting well and they're solid ball-strikers, so we knew we had to pick up the pace. But they played so well, there's not much you can do about it." Lee Westwood and Ian Poulter had a 59 to finish third at, and Chris DiMarco and Billy Horschel were fourth at 24 under after a.
The Italian boss was sacked on Monday having failed to retain the Premier League title he won last season and after losing the FA Cup final to Wigan Athletic .Mancini took out a full-page advertisement in the Manchester Evening News on Saturday, thanking fans for their support during his time in charge.The former Inter Milan manager said in the ad: " Manchester City Supporters 3 unforgettable years, you will always be in my heart, ciao, Roberto Mancini ." Ferguson, who will retire following Sunday's game at West Bromwich Albion, rallied behind his former rival and questioned the logic behind sacking a manager who won the Premier League and FA Cup during his three years in charge."It was quite amazing. He has won the FA Cup, been in the final, second in the league and won the league and it's not good enough?" he told reporters ."I was surprised, but actually no, you can't say you are surprised not with some owners today. You can't be surprised, but I still don't think it was right." Ferguson will be replaced by David Moyes, who will leave Everton at the end of the season after 11 years in charge.While Ferguson says Moyes will not be distracted by the situation at Manchester City, he will need to adapt to working at a club with a larger global appeal."What happens at Man City won't have any bearing on David," Ferguson said."He's got the structure here and he's got the experience. He's had to handle things at Everton that are more difficult probably. I don't think that matters."I think the enormity of the club will be the most difficult aspect, he will soon realise that anyway."The global brand and number of sponsors we have, he has to fit into that. I don't think that's an issue though and the most important thing is the team."He's got a good squad of players and he will want to add to that. He will have his own ideas and that's good. He will be fine."
PARIS — Denmark central defender Simon Kjaer has joined French side Lille from VfL Wolfsburg on a four-year deal, the Ligue 1 club said on Friday.Local media reported that Lille paid two million euros .72 million pounds ) for the 24-year-old Kjaer, who has won 35 caps for his country.He joined Wolfsburg from Italian side Palermo for 12 million euros in."It is obvious that joining such a club can only be a good idea," Kjaer said in a statement released by the 2011 French champions, who finished sixth last season.Kjaer, who spent the 2011-12 season on loan at AS Roma, will replace Cameroon's Aurelien Chedjou, who has signed for Turkish club Galatasaray .
NAPLES, Fla. — The winner of the Titleholders on Sunday got to fire a cannon, but before Shanshan Feng of China did the honors, women's golf sent a loud shot reverberating through the sports landscape.In closing with a six-under 66 for a one- stroke victory at the L.P.G.A. tour's season finale at Tiburon Golf Club, Feng provided further proof of the tour's rising star power .Feng, 24, posted a 72-hole score of 15-under 273 to rise to the top of a dreamy leader board . At the start of the final round, four strokes separated a dozen players, with the contenders including many of the game's highest-profile stars: Inbee Park, the women's world No. 1 and the newly crowned player of the year; Cristie Kerr and Stacy Lewis (both former Nos. 1); Lexi Thompson; Michelle Wie, who was bidding to win her first professional event in the United States ; and Natalie Gulbis, who shared the 54-hole lead with her fellow American Gerina Piller and Pornanong Phatlum of Thailand.One by one, the stars stumbled until Feng stood alone, grinning, in the spotlight. Gulbis, whose only L.P.G.A. title came at the 2007 Evian Masters, closed with an 82 to finish tied for 29th. Wie had a 72 to finish in a tie for 11th.A day after effectively wrapping up the Vare trophy for the year's lowest scoring average with a third-round, Lewis posted a 71 and tied for sixth . Thompson, coming off a win last week at the Lorena Ochoa Invitational, had nothing left in the tank and struggled to a, tied for 16th. Piller, a member of this year's United States Solheim Cup team, was the last player with a chance to catch Feng. After a spectacular second shot into the last green, Piller missed a downhill birdie to force a playoff and settled for a 69 to finish alone in second place."To come out and grind like I did and give myself an opportunity to force a playoff, I'm pretty excited about that," said Piller, who had never gone into the final round of a tour event with a share of the lead.Feng was standing behind the 18th green when Piller hit the putt, a group of volunteers impeding her view. "If the crowd went aah, I'd know she made it," Feng said, "but the crowd was really silent."At the start of the year, Feng, who won the 2012 L.P.G.A. Championship for her first tour title, set a goal of winning twice. With four events remaining on the L.P.G.A. schedule, she was 0 for."I didn't think I was going to achieve my goal," Feng said.In mid-October, the L.P.G.A. Tour held its first event on Chinese soil, in Beijing . The pressure on Feng, the first and only Chinese player on the tour, to win was more stifling than the play-delaying smog. Before the event, Feng worked on her putting with her United States -based coach, Gary Gilchrist. In 10 minutes, he fixed her setup. Playing in front of several thousand partisan fans, Feng defeated Lewis on the strength of her ball-striking and her putting.After Feng won on her home soil, it seemed nothing could faze her, not even playing Sunday for a first-place prize of,000, more than double her winnings in Beijing . "The win in Beijing gave me a lot of confidence," Feng said, "and I nailed it."Two days before Feng's fabulous finish, the L.P.G.A. released its 2014 schedule, which includes two events in China and a total of 32 tour dates — up from a worrisome 23 two years ago . As the women's game becomes more global, with six countries represented in the world top-10 rankings, the competition is becoming deeper and fiercer.Despite six victories, including three majors, Park did not secure player of the year honors until last week. Lewis could not repeat as player of the year or win the money title despite compiling a scoring average of.484, the eighth best in tour history. Lewis is the first American since Beth Daniel in 1994 to win the Vare trophy, which she considered no small consolation prize."When you see the list of past winners," Lewis said, "to be included on the list with those people, I mean, that's just a dream come true ."Women's golf is in a place few people could have imagined a few years ago, which Mike Whan, the L.P.G.A. commissioner, acknowledged during the unveiling of the 2014 schedule. "Sports are at their best when the best athletes are at their best," he said. "We have the best players at their best right now, and so it's no surprise our schedule is growing."The best were not at their best Sunday, with one exception. Feng found every fairway and did not have a bogey. "That's pretty much her ball-striking," said her caddie, Mercer Leftwich. "When it's on, it's fun to watch ."
LONDON — Former Wimbledon finalist Tomas Berdych set up a quarter-final against top seed Novak Djokovic after ending unseeded Bernard Tomic's run with a 7-6(4) 6-7(5) 6-4 6-4 fourth-round victory on Monday.A tight encounter was dominated by serve for the first two sets before seventh seed Berdych asserted his authority ."Tough to play him so it makes me feel even better to be here as a winner," the Czech said after mastering the 20-year-old Australian, who had beaten seeds Sam Querrey and Richard Gasquet on the way to the last."I was kind of struggling with his fast routine on serve, I couldn't get a return on it at all. But after the first two sets I felt much more confident."Berdych upset Djokovic in the semi-finals three years ago before losing to Rafa Nadal in straight sets in the final. That victory was just one of two he has enjoyed over the Serb, including the last time they met - in Rome on clay in May.The Serb has triumphed in their 13 other meetings."It's a nice challenge," Berdych added. "I know how to beat him, let's try for the same."
The turnaround of the American auto industry is paying off for senior management, particularly at the Ford Motor Company, even with a 29 percent reduction in compensation for its chief executive .Ford said on Friday that it paid Alan R. Mulally, the chief executive, about $21 million last year, and paid.8 million to its executive chairman, William C. Ford Jr.Mr. Mulally's bonuses dropped to $4 million, from.4 million in, with a steep drop in his stock awards and other compensation to about $15 million last year, from about $22 million the year before. Those reductions were based on the company's falling short of overall performance targets, especially cash flow goals.Despite the decrease, he remains among the highest-paid auto executives in the world, earning at least $20 million for a third consecutive year for his role in streamlining the nation's second-largest carmaker and returning it to consistent profitability .Over all, the company earned .67 billion in profits last year, a 5 percent drop from 2011 excluding one-time valuation changes.Its profits were hurt last year by big losses in the troubled European market, but Ford continued to post record pretax profits in its core North American market . The company also was returned to investment grade by ratings agencies, and it reinstated its dividend.Mr. Mulally, who is, was recruited to Ford in 2006 just as the Detroit automakers were tumbling into a financial crisis that would force the company's two main rivals, General Motors and Chrysler, to seek government bailouts and file for bankruptcy .Ford survived without federal help and has thrived since, posting pretax profits for 14 consecutive quarters through the end of, while improving revenue and market share .G.M., the largest American car company, paid Daniel Akerson, its chairman and chief executive, about $11 million last year.The company has not yet revealed its compensation data for, but last month submitted documents to Congress that said it was proposing to pay Mr. Akerson.1 million this year.G.M. said that figure was the same level as Mr. Akerson received in, making his compensation among the highest for seven bailed-out companies that remain under pay restrictions imposed by the Treasury Department .Chrysler's chief executive, Sergio Marchionne, received.2 million in compensation in. That does not include his pay as chief executive of Chrysler's parent company, the Italian automaker Fiat.The pay levels at G.M. and Ford far exceed what the companies were paying their executives a few years ago, when the automakers were losing billions of dollars, shutting factories and eliminating thousands of hourly and salaried jobs .In, for example, Mr. Ford, who then served as chief executive and chairman of Ford, agreed to take no compensation until the company became profitable again.He then recruited Mr. Mulally from the aircraft company Boeing, a move that started Ford's revival.Since joining Ford, Mr. Mulally has earned more than $160 million in compensation. He also has been given stock awards totaling about $126 million, according to figures compiled by Bloomberg News Service ."We believe our 2012 performance clearly shows our management team performed exceedingly well in a difficult environment," Ford said in a statement.Mr. Mulally has indicated that he will retire from Ford by. The odds-on choice to succeed him is Mark Fields, who was promoted to chief operating officer in December after leading the company's Americas division for several years.Mr. Fields earned about.6 million in total compensation from Ford in, a slight increase from the previous year.The healthy pay packages come as Ford and other automakers anticipate another strong year in the revitalized American car market .Sales of all new vehicles have risen 8 percent through February, compared with the same period a year ago. The industry is on track to sell more than 15 million new cars and trucks in 2013 — the first time that level has been reached since.While Ford's executives are enjoying the rewards of the company's comeback, so are its workers.Because of its hefty earnings last year in North America, Ford will pay an average of,300 in profit-sharing checks to each of its,000 union workers in the United States .
ROME — Napoli kept their hopes of a first Serie A title since 1990 alive with an epic 4-2 win over 10-man Inter Milan after a Carlos Tevez hat-trick had put leaders Juventus six points clear with a 4-0 rout of Sassuolo on Sunday.Goals from Gonzalo Higuain, Dries Mertens, Blerim Dzemaili and Jose Callejon saw Rafael Benitez beat his old club in a hugely entertaining contest and go eight points behind Juventus in third place after falling 11 behind earlier in the day.Goran Pandev missed an added time penalty after winning the spot kick himself just after coming on as a substitute, but it made no difference to the result, and Inter stay fifth on 28 points, seven away from Champions League football . Fiorentina took fourth spot with a comfortable 3-0 defeat of Bologna in which Giuseppe Rossi scored his 13th goal of the season.Tevez, overlooked by Argentina since, struck for Juve with simple finishes in the 15th, 45th and 68th minutes to move Antonio Conte's side up to 43 points, six ahead of AS Roma .The 29-year-old also set up Federico Peluso's first Juventus goal in the 28th minute, sending in a beautiful free kick that the midfielder headed home with the help of Sassuolo defender Luca Antei and was given a standard ovation when substituted shortly after netting his third."Clearly there is disappointment at going out of the Champions League, but this has to give us more determination and motivation, because we were eliminated and did not deserve it," Conte said.Inter's task was made harder in the 71 st minute when Ricky Alvarez was sent off following a second booking for handball, enraging Mazzari and allowing Napoli respite from the visitors' enterprising attacking play.Napoli's win put them two points behind unbeaten Roma, who travel to struggling AC Milan on Monday (1945 GMT) looking to close the gap between themselves and Juve back to three points.Walter Mazzari was met with a mixed reception from the San Paolo crowd on his return since leaving for Inter in the summer, with whistles as well as a supportive banner.But Esteban Cambiasso and Yuto Nagatomo struck for an Inter side that despite losing will be happy with the grit and class shown in such a hostile environment.Higuain gave Napoli the lead in the ninth minute with a brilliant volleyed finish when Nagatomo headed Gokhan Inler's long pass straight into the Argentine's path, only for Cambiasso to level in the 35th following a spirited reaction to going behind.It only took three minutes for the hosts to retake the lead with a stunning long range strike from Mertens after Dzemaili held the ball up well.They doubled their lead three minutes before the break through Dzemaili, who tapped in after reacting first when Mertens' shot was pushed away by Samir Handanovic.Nagatomo gave Inter hope when Napoli goalkeeper Rafael pushed Fredy Guarin's scuffed shot into his path, but despite a spirited display and some enterprising attacking play Callejon removed any doubt when he tapped in Lorenzo Insigne's cross from close range with nine minutes left.Two goals from Germany striker Miroslav Klose, on his return after more than a month out injured, helped Lazio climb to eighth place on 20 points after a 2-0 win over Livorno .Coach Vladimir Petkovic looked to be facing the sack after six matches without a win but Lazio chairman Claudio Lotito said he could rest easier."I was at Formello (the team training ground ) for three days and I realised that the team needed a win to get going again," he said. "I don't think that we are now in the position where we should fire the coach." Torino moved to within six points of European football after goals from Alexander Farnerud and Ciro Immobile gave them a 2-0 win at Udinese . Genoa failed to build on their recent good run under Gian Piero Gasperini, dropping points at home when an injury-time header from Giuseppe De Luca earned Atalanta a 1-1 draw after Andrea Bertolacci had put the hosts in front.A goal from Eder early in the first half moved Sampdoria four points from the drop zone with a 1-0 win at relegation rivals Chievo while Parma drew 0-0 with Cagliari .
Two NASA astronauts, working more quickly than expected, completed a spacewalk on Saturday in which they took the first steps to repair a malfunctioning pump module that is part of the cooling system for the International Space Station .The astronauts, Col. Michael S. Hopkins of the Air Force and Richard A. Mastracchio, were far ahead of schedule throughout the nearly five-and-a- half-hour spacewalk as they detached tubing and electrical connectors from the pump. They were able to remove the 780-pound module and move it to a temporary storage location, a task that had been scheduled for completion during a second spacewalk.Koichi Wakata, a Japanese astronaut, was operating a robotic arm from inside the station to help with the repairs.Colonel Hopkins and Mr. Mastracchio stepped out of an airlock at:01 a.m. Eastern time, and even though they accomplished more than they had set out to do, they were able to return at:29 p.m., an hour earlier than scheduled. The two encountered few complications.There were also no problems with the spacesuits, which was not the case during a spacewalk in July when a leak in the cooling system caused the helmet of an Italian astronaut to partly fill with water. That spacewalk was called off early as the astronaut, Luca Parmitano, hurried back inside the space station .For Saturday's spacewalk, Colonel Hopkins used the same suit, but critical components had been replaced, and NASA engineers expressed confidence that the problem — a clogged filter — had been fixed.NASA had also developed two low-tech workarounds in case there was a repeat of the earlier problem. The astronauts had absorbent pads installed in the back of their helmets and during the spacewalk tilted their heads to check if the pads were "squishy." Neither astronaut reported any signs of moisture in their helmets.The astronauts also had improvised snorkels made out of plastic tubing and Velcro, extending from their helmets down into the chest area of the spacesuit. If water encroached, the tube would allow them to breathe air from the lower part of the suit.Saturday's spacewalk was required after a valve controlling one of two loops of circulating ammonia that cool equipment on the space station malfunctioned on Dec. 11. When efforts to control the ammonia flow using a different valve proved inadequate, space station managers decided to send the astronauts out to make repairs.The work is scheduled to continue on Tuesday.
 BERNE — AC Milan's maverick striker Mario Balotelli could miss the Champions League playoff matches after the club said he had suffered a thigh muscle injury during a pre-season friendly. Balotelli, who made a quick impact after joining Milan from Manchester City in January, went off near the end of Milan's friendly against Los Angeles Galaxy in the United States which the Serie A side won 2-0 on Wednesday."During the course of the game, Mario Balotelli suffered a muscular problem in his right thigh," said AC Milan in a statement. "He will be examined on his return to Italy."The seven- times European champions will discover their opponents for the two-leg playoff round tie when the draw is made at UEFA headquarters on Friday. The first leg will be played on August 20 or 21 with the return one week later. Milan finished third in Serie A last season but only the top two Italian sides qualify directly for the group stage . Balotelli could also be ruled out of Italy's friendly at home to Argentina on August.
 DETROIT — The Detroit Pistons have made another move in their busy offseason, acquiring Brandon Jennings as they desperately try to end their four-year postseason drought. Detroit landed the point guard from the Milwaukee Bucks for point guard Brandon Knight and two prospects, according to a person familiar with the deal.The person, who spoke Tuesday on condition of anonymity to The Associated Press because the trade hasn't been announced, said Jennings has agreed to a $24 million, three-year contract with the Pistons . The person said Detroit will also give up seldom-used Ukrainian center Viacheslav Kravtsov and forward Khris Middleton in the deal. Detroit has been active this offseason, signing free agents Josh Smith, Chauncey Billups and Luigi Datome along with bringing back Will Bynum .The Pistons signed Billups in part to mentor Knight, but have chosen to replace him with Jennings. They're in a win-now mode, and must figure Jennings gives them a better shot to have success this season than Knight, who hasn't shown he can be a reliable point guard . Milwaukee drafted Jennings 10th overall in 2009 out of Oak Hill Academy and he averaged 17 points, 5.7 assists and.4 turnovers over four seasons with the Bucks, who could've matched any offer made to the restricted free agent this offseason. He averaged a career-high.5 assists and.5 points last season, a year after averaging a career-best.1 points a game.Instead of keeping a player who might not have wanted to stay, the Bucks are adding to their depth with another young point guard and two players. Detroit drafted Knight eighth overall in 2011 out of Kentucky . He averaged.1 points, 3.9 assists and.7 turnovers.The 6-foot-11 Kravtsov averaged.1 points and.8 rebounds in 25 games last season as a rookie . Middleton, a second-round pick last year from Texas A&M, averaged.1 points in 27 games.The Bucks, coming off their first postseason in three years, also were finalizing a two-year deal for just under $6 million with free agent combo guard Gary Neal.After starting his career overseas playing in Italy, Spain and Greece, Neal spent the first three seasons of his NBA career with the San Antonio Spurs . He earned a spot on the team after a standout performance in summer league play, then quietly emerged as a potent scorer off the bench for one of the best teams in the West . Neal averaged.7 points and shot.9 percent from 3-point range in his three seasons in San Antonio .His 24 points helped the Spurs to a 36-point win in Game 3 of the NBA Finals against the Miami Heat . The Spurs abruptly pulled a qualifying offer from Neal last week after agreeing to terms with shooting guard Marco Bellinelli. Suddenly a free agent, Neal said he is looking forward to joining the Bucks, where coach Larry Drew told him there's an opportunity for a more featured role."In San Antonio you had the expectation of being a team that's going to be in the playoffs or make it to the Western Conference finals every year," Neal said in a telephone interview . "Even though Milwaukee doesn't have those same expectations nationally, I have an opportunity to play a bigger role and a bigger part here. As a competitor you look for that situation. This is the first time I've had this role in the NBA ."Neal will help add some scoring punch to a backcourt that lost Monta Ellis and J.J. Redick earlier this summer."For the most part it's just something I'm excited about and happy about," Neal said. "Especially talking to coach Drew and ownership, it's something that has me excited. I kind of wish we could start tomorrow."AP Basketball Writer Jon Krawczynski in Minneapolis contributed to this report.
Entangled at the free-throw line after a missed shot in the fourth quarter, Andrea Bargnani of the Knicks and Kevin Garnett of the Nets seemed to exchange shoves before Garnett, no stranger to on- court confrontations, threw up his hands as if to say he did not want to fight.The play, which briefly woke up a bored Barclays Center crowd during a Knicks blowout, earned both players technical fouls, and seemed to symbolize the way the two struggling New York basketball teams approached the second half of Thursday's 113-83 Knicks win, with the Nets showing that in a battle of dysfunctional franchises, they are the team further from respectability.On the play, Bargnani, a 7- footer from Italy known for his shooting rather than his tough play or fighting skill, was clearly the aggressor. A few minutes later, his trash-talking of Garnett after a 3-pointer was enough for Referee Joey Crawford to issue him a second technical foul, ending his night early. Bargnani was treated to a standing ovation by his teammates as he walked off the court ."He held it down for us," Carmelo Anthony said of the normally detached Bargnani . "He played well tonight."After the game, Garnett did not want to address the subject, saying "absolutely nothing" had happened between them. When asked what Bargnani had said to earn the ejection, Garnett said, "I don't understand Italian," before brushing off any further questions about the incident.Surprisingly, Garnett, often the instigator throughout his career, seemed less intense than Bargnani, who seemed to get in Garnett's head."He was the sacrificial lamb tonight," Anthony said of Bargnani's ejection. "But it might have been worth it."Throughout his career, the 6-foot-11 Garnett has been involved in similar incidents, including a scuffle with Anthony last season that enraged Anthony so much that he tried to confront Garnett in the Madison Square Garden hallways after the game. But on Thursday, Garnett walked away from Bargnani silently, beaten down by a season that his teammates Brook Lopez and Joe Johnson described as embarrassing in postgame interviews.Considering that the Nets were forced to start Tyshawn Taylor and Alan Anderson because of injuries to Deron Williams and Paul Pierce, it was easy to understand Garnett's frustration. But for long stretches of the game, he seemed every bit as much of a problem as any of the team's emergency fill-ins, struggling to guard Bargnani and Amar'e Stoudemire, players he has dominated before in his career.Once a defensive stalwart in Minnesota and Boston, the 37-year-old Garnett, a veteran of 19 seasons, has begun to show his age. Coming into the game, his defensive rating of 103 points allowed per 100 possessions was the worst he had recorded since he was. Offensively, things have been little better; his.1 player efficiency rating is less than half of what he was capable of during his prime.Averaging a career-low.7 minutes a game, Garnett has hardly been the missing piece for the championship run the Nets believed they would make. He has played in mostly five-minute spurts before being taken out for a breather, causing some to wonder if he could be doing more to save the team's season."It is what it is, man," Garnett said of his playing time. "I'm giving everything I've got."But Garnett's harshest critique of the Nets came when he was asked if he and his teammates were putting enough effort into the season to make things work. Garnett contemplated the question quite a bit before saying quietly, "Maybe it's not enough."
Italy's telecommunications regulator may decide this coming week whether to support a proposal to rescue Telecom Italia, the troubled former telephone monopoly, by allowing it to spin off a stake in its landline grid, the largest in Italy.The president of the regulatory agency AgCom, Angelo Marcello Cardani, is expected to address the question during the presentation of the regulator's annual report in Rome on Tuesday. His remarks may clarify whether the spinoff plan, advanced by Telecom Italia's chief, Franco Bernab, stands a chance, as the company tries to snap its decade-long cycle of debt and spur growth in ts slowing domestic market .The uncertain future of the fiber optic and copper wire network prompted Telecom Italia last week to abandon merger talks with, a mobile network operator group owned by the Hong Kong conglomerate Hutchison Whampoa that includes 3 Italia, the smallest of four network carriers in Italy.For Telecom Italia, the nationwide grid is both an advantage and an albatross.With its ubiquitous infrastructure, Telecom Italia has been able to combine its cellphone, landline, Internet and television services at prices that smaller rivals like Fastweb, owned by Swisscom, find hard to match.But because Telecom Italia owns the only nationwide landline grid, AgCom has put limits on its ability to profit from the network by setting leasing prices that favor rivals and newcomers, a policy known as "asymmetric regulation ." Under that policy, Telecom Italia must first get AgCom's approval before selling new services, to ensure that rivals leasing its network have the ability to match the offer.Addressing a crushing debt of.8 billion euros, or $37 billion, the legacy of a series of leveraged buyouts in the 1990s, Mr. Bernabè is negotiating with regulators and the European commissioner responsible for the industry, Neelie Kroes, to permit a spinoff of the landline grid."This could be a very worthwhile move if it comes with the right conditions," James Britton, an analyst at Nomura in London, said. Telecom Italia wants to put its landline grid into a separate subsidiary, which would lease access under the same terms to all operators, including Telecom Italia, and has expressed a willingness to sell a "significant" minority stake in the new entity to a state-owned infrastructure bank, Cassa Depositi e Prestiti.Such spinoffs remain rare in the telecommunications industry, where most former monopolies are unwilling to part with the inherited advantages of owning the biggest grid in a market . In, the British telecommunications company BT spun off its landline business into a separate unit, Openreach. In, Telecom New Zealand created a similar grid unit called Chorus and sold it to investors .Italy may follow suit, but only if the former monopoly obtains significant regulatory concessions that improve its ability to compete domestically, according to analysts and people with knowledge of Telecom Italia's deliberations. The talks over a potential sale of the grid are not expected to conclude until the end of the year at the earliest.The prospect of those delays and the uncertainty over whether the landline grid will remain part of Telecom Italia contributed to the collapse of the merger talks with, according to a person with knowledge of the talks who was not authorized on behalf of the Italians.The talks had begun in April when Hutchison Whampoa, which is controlled by Li Ka -shing, the Hong Kong billionaire, made an offer to merge 3 Italia with Telecom Italia in a deal that would have given 3 control. Telecom Italia's landline grid is considered a strategic national asset, according to the person with knowledge of the company's deliberations, and the offer from Hong Kong goaded the Italian operator to advance plans to dispose of the grid before a sale."Paradoxically, it was the Hutchison feeler that brought it to a boil," said the person. "Since realistically, the deal could not even be imagined with the network still inside the company, the question was brought back off the back burner, where it had been carefully kept for some years." Hutchison, frustrated by the delays, was left with little choice but to abandon the bid, the person said. On Thursday, Telecom Italia said that its board after consulting with Hutchison, had concluded that "there are not the elements necessary to start negotiations ."3 Italia, in a statement, said that it was not continuing the talks, which it described as "very preliminary exploratory contacts," because it would not be able to get approval for a deal from its owner, Hutchison Whampoa .The breakdown of the talks was not a surprise, the person said. "Once the whole matter of the 'network spinoff' emerged it became clear to the Chinese that they'd have to wait a year to even have an idea of the perimeter of the object they proposed to buy," the person said.The Hong Kong -based group, which has carriers in six countries in Europe as well as others in Asia, has been expanding on the Continent, where its companies specialize in low-price calling plans with generous, often unlimited data downloads. Last week, it bought O2 Ireland from the Spanish operator Telefónica in a transaction worth at least 850 million euros .Mr. Cardani of AgCom has not commented publicly on the spinoff plan since it was first raised in May.Mr. Britton, the analyst at Nomura, said of Mr. Bernabè "I think there is a good chance he will be able to pull this off. He has shown himself to be pretty expert at navigating the political corridors around Rome."
Canals don't run by Lincoln Center, and you would be hard-pressed to find a beach near Broadway, but the New York Philharmonic has notions to do for classical music what the Venice Biennale and Art Basel Miami Beach have done for art.The orchestra is calling it the NY Phil Biennial.Disclosed on Wednesday as part of the orchestra's announcement of its 2013-14 programming, the biennial will be a 10-day festival (every two years, as the name implies) that Philharmonic officials describe as a "veritable playground of new and recent music from around the world."The project extends efforts by the orchestra, which has sought in recent years to fend off critical perceptions that it is stodgy, to program more contemporary music and seize some sort of initiative in the search for more relevance and newer audiences. Under its music director, Alan Gilbert, the Philharmonic has already established a modest new-music series in smaller concert halls and has installed composers and artists in residence.The 2014 festival will run from May 29 to June 7 and include two programs by the orchestra, several programs of chamber music by Philharmonic musicians and performances by the Orchestra of St . Luke's and Juilliard School musicians. The organizers hope to add symposiums and other public events.The Philharmonic said it had reached agreements with several New York institutions to collaborate on paying for, planning or serving as host for the concerts, including the 92nd Street Y, Lincoln Center, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, Juilliard and the Special Music School at the Kaufman Center.While plans remain vague, as many as three events a day could be on the agenda, Mr. Gilbert said in an interview.Orchestra officials acknowledged that the NY Phil Biennial may not attract the tens of thousands of visitors who pour into the art fairs in both Basel and Miami Beach or produce the vast display of culture in the pavilions of Venice."It's obviously not going to be exhaustive," Mr. Gilbert said. "It's obviously not going to go over every point of view ." But for a "contained period of time," he added, audience members can "get a glimpse of what we feel has been exciting in the recent past."While the financial details of the festival remained murky, it appears the orchestra is putting significant resources toward it. Matthew VanBesien, the executive director, said that the Philharmonic was making a "major investment" in the festival and that a single donor had provided a gift in the "$2 million to $3 million " range over three years.David Snead, the vice president for marketing, said the orchestra would make a big advertising and social media push, "to create a brand, a personality," for the biennial.The festival's artistic goal is to present works that have never been performed, or at least never in New York (which for some people amounts to the same thing."We want it to be a reaction to, and a reflection of, exciting composition that is happening around the world," Mr. Gilbert said. The orchestra chose the word "biennial," he said, to imply that the festival was permanent and to convey the feel of a broad international survey. "We want to provide for music a nexus and rallying point that the great biennials in the art world have become," Mr. Gilbert said.Details are scarce because programmers want to have the flexibility of making last-minute decisions, Mr. Gilbert added, although they may have been too busy planning the orchestra's season, which opens on Sept. 25 with a gala concert featuring Osvaldo Golijov's "Azul" for cello and orchestra and an arrangement of Astor Piazzolla's " Serie del Ángel," with Yo-Yo Ma as soloist.Other highlights of the season include performances of all five Beethoven piano concertos, with Yefim Bronfman as soloist; a number of works by Christopher Rouse, the Philharmonic's composer in residence; performances featuring Glenn Dicterow, the concertmaster, who will be in his last season; an Asian tour ; a program of music and clips from Pixar movies ; and a showing of Stanley Kubrick's: A Space Odyssey" with the orchestra playing the film score live.The "2001" performance will be a rare case in which the Philharmonic's lack of playing is being cast as a virtue. Silence is a key part of the movie, so the orchestra will stay onstage the whole time, the Philharmonic said, "highlighting Kubrick's strategic and eloquent use of both music and silence in storytelling." Alec Baldwin, the actor and a Philharmonic board member and booster, attended a news conference to announce the season. He called the pairing of the Philharmonic and Kubrick a " dream come true," and added, "I promise no lip-syncing," drawing laughter with the reference to recorded soundtracks at President Obama's inauguration.The orchestra will dedicate two of its subscription concerts to the biennial, said Ed Yim, the vice president for artistic planning. The first will be a collaboration with the Juilliard Orchestra, works to be determined. The second will be the first performances of Mr. Rouse's Symphony No. 4, a Philharmonic commission .The orchestra is expanding its new-music series, Contact!, to include three concerts at the 92nd Street Y's TriBeCa performance space, Mr. Yim said. One of those TriBeCa concerts will be included under the biennial umbrella.With the prospect of so many performances of new works, Mr. Gilbert said, "composers and publishers around the world are jumping up and down."
HAMBURG, Germany — Top-seeded Roger Federer struggled for a, 3-6, 7-5 victory Friday over Florian Mayer and a place in the semifinals of the German Tennis Championships . Federer is playing his first tournament since losing in the second round of Wimbledon .A four-time champion on the clay courts of Hamburg, Federer needed 2 hours to overtake Mayer. Federer was down 5-1 in the second set, won the next two games but then faltered again. He double-faulted and had two straight forehand errors to give up the set.In the third, Federer broke serve twice, only to see the German re-break both times. But with the match on the line, the Swiss former No. 1 raised his game. He broke serve for a 6-5 lead and served out the match at love, hitting a service winner on match point .He'll play Argentine qualifier Federico Delbonis, who upset 14th-seeded Fernando Verdasco of Spain, 7-6 (8), 6-4 to make the semifinals of a tournament for the second time in his career.Fabio Fognini of Italy beat Tommy Haas for the second time in two weeks to advance to the semifinals.Fognini prevailed, 6-4 over the second-seeded home favorite. The 12th-seeded Italian is looking for his second straight title after winning his first tournament in Stuttgart, where he beat Haas in the quarterfinals.Fognini faces third-seeded Nicolas Almagro of Spain, who came from behind to beat defending champion Juan Monaco of Argentina, 6-0, 6-3.The fifth-seeded Monaco beat Almagro in the Hamburg semifinals last year. Almagro was runner-up in Hamburg two years ago, while Monaco beat Haas for the title last year.Delbonis' previous semifinal appearance was two years ago in Stuttgart .After fending off a pair of match points in the second set, Delbonis failed to serve out the match at. He then wasted two match points on Verdasco's serve before the Spaniard double-faulted on the third.
MADRID — Playing spectacular football and filling the trophy cabinet at the same time is the holy grail for football coaches and Carlo Ancelotti promised both as he took up the reins at Spanish giants Real Madrid on Wednesday.Speaking in an entertaining mixture of Spanish, French and his native Italian, Ancelotti told reporters at the Bernabeu stadium his goal was to help Real win a 10th European title and replace arch-rivals Barcelona as the dominant club in Spain.Flanked by Emilio Butragueno, a club director with whom he locked horns when they were players in the 1980s, he confirmed former France and Real midfielder Zinedine Zidane would be one of his assistants on the bench along with Englishman Paul Clement."I love football and that's why Real Madrid is a dream for me and today that dream is coming true," Ancelotti told the packed press room in the bowels of the giant arena."I don't think Real Madrid will be the end of my career but my hope is that I will be here a long time," added the 54-year-old, twice a Champions League winner with AC Milan as both player and coach.Real president Florentino Perez lured Ancelotti from French champions Paris St Germain following last month's departure of Jose Mourinho, three years before the end of his contract, after a season without major silverware .Labelled "the pacifier" in Spanish media, the laid-back Italian is an entirely different character from the combative Portuguese, who clashed with key players, divided fans and had a testy relationship with journalists ."I have a different character (to Mourinho ) but I have total respect for him," Ancelotti said."I don't think it's possible to compare Mourinho and me. I am focusing on my work and the president will decide if it has been good or bad."Real have not been crowned champions of Europe for more than a decade and Perez, a construction magnate in his second stint as president, made clear at an earlier presentation that winning the Champions League was the overwhelming priority."It's a great goal for the club, for everyone," Ancelotti said."I have the ambition, the responsibility for that. It is a huge motivation."I don't think here the pressure here is any greater than other clubs."It's part of the coach's work. The problem is to deal with it but it's normal."Getting the better of Barca, who knocked his PSG side out of Europe last season, will be one of Ancelotti's biggest challenges."They are the most competitive team in Spain but I think that we are perfectly capable of taking them on," he said."I expect some fantastic games and I don't think Real Madrid is in any way inferior. I am confident that Real Madrid will have the edge."He gave little away about possible player purchases, saying the transfer market would be discussed in coming days."We really haven't talked about the market yet. I can't give you any information about the players that will come in." Malaga playmaker Isco, a key performer in the triumph of Spain's Under-21 side in this month's European Championship, has been identified as a possible recruit in the short term with local media reporting he will be presented on Friday."I can only speak about his quality which is very high," Ancelotti said. "He can play at Real Madrid just as he can play in any team."
MADRID — Carlo Ancelotti was keen to stress the dressing room divisions that characterised the end of Jose Mourinho's reign at Real Madrid were healed as he shaped up for his La Liga opener on Sunday.The Italian makes his league debut at the helm when Real Betis visit the Bernabeu and he does so with the fans, the local media and the players all seemingly singing from the same hymn sheet."In a season it is normal to have problems, but when a team is united they are resolved quickly," Ancelotti told a news conference on Saturday."For now, the team is united and I hope it continues this way."The 54-year-old also stressed the team's style of play would be different to that practiced by his predecessor."The idea isn't to play on the counter- attack," he said. "The idea is to play football, to have a good control of the ball, and possession."My experience with AC Milan, Chelsea and Paris St Germain was the same. I wanted to play attacking football because that is what the club asked for. Here, it is no different."Real have already signed a right back and three midfielders to strengthen their squad for the new campaign, but there is one name that continues to grab the headlines, Gareth Bale .There are two weeks to go until the end of the transfer window with Real president Florentino Perez seemingly intent on securing the Tottenham Hotspur winger, with talk of a world record bid of around 100 million euros .29 million pounds .Asked about the negotiations, Ancelotti was evasive."Great players make a team better," he said as he went on to refute that the club not having assigned the shirt number, the same Bale wears at Spurs, was for any particular reason."It isn't reserved for Bale," he said. "It is only that no one has claimed it in the squad ."The squad in principle is complete. We only need to evaluate the position of (Portugal defender) Fabio Coentrao, because he has asked to leave. He has been left out of the squad to play Betis ."I am very pleased with this group because they have good balance between youth and experience."Ancelotti approaches his debut with three important players struggling to come back from injuries.Spain midfielder Xabi Alonso had surgery on a nagging groin problem in June, France defender Raphael Varane knee surgery in May and new signing Asier Illarramendi has only managed one training session before succumbing to a muscle problem."Xabi isn't ready to play," Ancelotti said. "He is close to reappearing and perhaps he will in the friendly next Thursday."Illarramendi is working alone to be ready in about 10 days time. Varane is working alone to strengthen his leg to avoid problems with the knee. In a week he will be working with the group again."
ROME — Group B leaders Italy seek to take another step towards World Cup qualification with victory against Bulgaria in Sicily on Friday amid speculation over who will succeed Cesare Prandelli as Azzurri manager. Local media have said he is expected to announce his exit once qualification has been secured, and then step down after next year's finals in Brazil .The Gazzetta Dello Sport have reported that Japan manager Alberto Zaccheroni is favourite to take charge, with Juventus manager Antonio Conte, Milan boss Massimiliano Allegri and former Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini also in the frame.Italy, who have 14 points from six games and are four ahead of second-placed Bulgaria, are missing five first-choice players, including Milan pair Mario Balotelli and Riccardo Montolivo and Southampton striker Pablo Osvaldo.The suspended trio will be available for Tuesday's clash with third-placed Czech Republic, in which Italy could secure qualification if they win on Friday. Juventus defender Andrea Barzagli had to leave Italy's training camp at Coverciano with an Achilles tendon problem while team mate Claudio Marchisio has been ruled out with an injury to his left knee .Despite being relatively threadbare up front, Prandelli did not pick Giuseppe Rossi even though the Fiorentina striker has started the season in great form with three goals in two games after coming back from two successive knee injuries ."I'm following him with great interest. He's now finding his best condition again," Prandelli said on Monday. "But we mustn't push things by calling him up for the national team at this point."Given their lack of options in attack on Tuesday Prandelli revealed that his game plan would be to pack the midfield and make use of pace down the flanks.This week Prandelli lamented the lack of convincing young talent coming through the ranks, but he could offer Napoli's home-grown rising star Lorenzo Insigne a starting place alongside Lazio's Antonio Candreva in support of lone striker Alberto Gilardino, a role he would take from Sunderland midfielder Emanuele Giaccherini.Bulgaria coach Penev is not entirely happy with the form of PSV Eindhoven midfielder Stanislav Manolev, who is their top scorer in the qualifying campaign with three goals including a stunning strike in the 2-2 draw with Italy last September, as he lacks match practice. Local media expect that Manolev, who has yet to play for his club this season, could be dropped from the starting line-up with youngster Todor Nedelev ready to deputise.Bulgaria will definitely miss another regular starter, CSKA Moscow midfielder Georgi Milanov, as he is suspended after receiving his second yellow card in the 1-1 draw at Denmark in March. Experienced Georgi Iliev is expected to step in.Coach Penev will also have to solve a goalkeeping dilemma as first choice Nikolay Mihaylov has failed to break through at his new club Hellas Verona and Ludogorets's Vladislav Stoyanov could get a chance to play.Penev is confident his team is good enough to collect points in Italy, although Bulgaria's record is not a proud one with six defeats and only two draws dating back to.The former Valencia and Atletico Madrid striker needs to find some spark and a sharper cutting edge from his team after a below-par showing against Macedonia in an international friendly in Skopje last month.
ROME — AS Roma and Inter Milan have been fined,000 euros,259) each and forced to shut sections of their stadiums for one match after their fans were found guilty of racist or discriminatory chants, Serie A said on Tuesday. Roma were ordered to close the Curva Sud section of the Stadio Olimpico where their most dedicated fans sit because of racist chants aimed at AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli during Monday's 2-2 Serie A draw at the San Siro .A disciplinary tribunal said Roma supporters chanted "The red-and- blacks are a team of blacks, referring to the colours of the Milan shirt, and persistently booed Balotelli when he had the ball. Inter Milan were also fined and ordered to shut off a section of their ground for one match because of discriminatory chants aimed at Napoli fans during Sunday's match in the southern city.The tribunal said the game, which ended 4-2 to the home side, was marred by chants of "Naples cholera, you are the shame of all Italy; smell of shit, smell of dogs, the Neapolitans are coming... You are not human beings .The ruling means Inter will play Sunday's derby with city rivals AC Milan without the support of hardcore fans who usually sit in the Curva Nord.Italian football authorities have cracked down on discriminatory as well as racist chanting this season, announcing automatic stadium closures as a penalty.This has angered many fans who have long traded insults. Ultras from teams including Naples have campaigned against the rules.A selection of smaller fines were also given to Napoli, Juventus, Milan, Catania and Lazio for charges including aggressive chanting and the use of firecrackers.
 CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. — Two spacewalking astronauts tackled a backlog of outdoor work at the International Space Station on Tuesday.It was the first spacewalk for Italy — a major contributor to the orbiting lab — as Luca Parmitano handled a variety of maintenance chores. He was accompanied by American Christopher Cassidy, a veteran spacewalker.Cassidy encountered a stubborn bolt, eating up precious minutes, as he got started on the first of two planned spacewalks just a week apart. A slim gap of just one-eighth of an inch stalled the installation of a new space-to-ground radio transmitter. The old one failed in December."Nothing jumps out at me," Cassidy reported to Mission Control. "I can see a little wear on the bolt."Finally, the former Navy SEAL managed to attach the transmitter. Mission Control said it appeared to be a tight fit.It was smoother going for Parmitano as he collected science experiments for return to Earth later this year aboard a commercial SpaceX capsule."Any curve balls over there, Luca?" Cassidy asked. "Nope," came the reply.The spacewalkers made up for lost time as they went through the hodgepodge of chores, removing a bad camera and relocating radiator grapple bars. Some of the work was done to make it easier to swap out bad parts if there's ever a breakdown.They hustled through cable work in preparation for a new Russian lab due to arrive in December, and took pictures of the Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer, a $2 billion cosmic ray detector launched on NASA's next-to-last shuttle mission in. Scientists noticed unusual discoloration on its radiators and requested photos of the instrument, which is anchored to the station.Parmitano found it awkward to secure a protective cover over a docking port used by NASA's space shuttles until their retirement two years ago . The cover is meant to shield against micrometeorite strikes ."It's kind of like when you're trying to make your bed by yourself. One side is a little bit shorter than the other," Parmitano said.Before ending their six-hour excursion, the astronauts got a jump on work intended for a second spacewalk next Tuesday.NASA said the tasks had been piling up over the past couple of years. Managers wanted to wait until the to-do list was long before committing to the time-consuming spacewalks.Parmitano, 36, a major in the Italian Air Force, arrived at the space station at the end of May for a six-month stay.Cassidy, 43, will wrap up his half-year mission in September.The rest of the space station crew — one American and three Russians — assisted the spacewalkers from inside.This was the fourth spacewalk this year with five more planned, mostly by Russians. In all, 170 spacewalks have been performed over the past 15 years at the space station, totaling nearly,074 hours or 45 days.
 MILAN — Tucked away in a building on the outskirts of Milan is the "nirvana room," so called perhaps because of the good tidings it contains. There, geologists working for the Italian oil company Eni don 3-D glasses to contemplate fluorescent images of underground geological formations and try to divine which might be worth tens of millions of dollars in exploratory drilling.The mood around Eni has been nirvana-like lately as the company's explorers have made some lucrative enlightened guesses. Beginning in, Eni and a rival, the Houston -based Anadarko Petroleum, made a series of finds off Mozambique, a country in East Africa, that add up to the largest natural gas discovery of recent years — the equivalent of about 16 billion barrels of oil .Eni controls the largest share of the Mozambique findings, with 70 percent of an offshore block in the Indian Ocean called Area, in what is known as the Rovuma Basin.Eni's chief executive, Paolo Scaroni, said the discoveries had come after Eni spent five years studying East Africa, where very little oil and natural gas had been found. When Mozambique made exploration blocks available in, Eni bid and got the one it wanted.The challenge now will be to fully capitalize on that opportunity, which will require the company to help manage Mozambique's transition into a major energy exporter. And building multibillion-dollar plants in remote areas to turn natural gas into liquids for transport on specialized ships will also test Eni's skills.These days, oil and natural gas exploration is an industry as fraught with geopolitical risks as it is with geological ones, as the recent hostage-taking attack in Algeria has made clear. And Eni is as aware as any European energy company of the dangers of politically volatile North Africa, given its own extensive operations in Algeria and Libya.But for now, at least, Mozambique is not one of Africa's trouble spots . And in any case, energy companies tend to follow opportunities wherever they can find them."Although Mozambique was a new country, we thought the chances were reasonable, about 20 percent," of finding something, Mr. Scaroni said during an interview in Milan . "Of course it was high-risk, high-reward."It was after Anadarko, a U.S. independent, announced a discovery in an adjacent tract that Eni, which had been preparing to drill in another part of its block, decided to put its first well near Anadarko's tract.Mr. Scaroni, a graduate of Columbia Business School in New York with a master's degree in business administration, took the top job at Eni in 2005 after spending much of his career outside Italy and the oil business . He has been gradually reshaping the company into more of a machine for finding and producing oil and natural gas and less of the lumbering state conglomerate that had toiled in the second tier of global oil giants .Mr. Scaroni, 66, also has the crucial task of maintaining Eni's relationships with a group of fossil-fuel -rich but prickly host countries that include Iraq, Libya, Russia, Venezuela and, elsewhere in Africa, Angola and the Republic of Congo . He regularly turns up in places like Baghdad or Brazzaville that might give other chief executives pause.During the interview, the Zubair field in Iraq was on his mind. "We have a company with 150 expatriates in Iraq, with a huge effort for security, and the economic result for us is very little, since we are paid $2 per barrel," he said. "From time to time, we ask ourselves: Is it worth it?"Eni is the largest foreign producer of oil and gas in both Algeria and Libya. Eni executives say they were surprised and shocked by what happened to BP and Statoil, which are partners in the Algerian plant that was seized, and are tightening up their own security measures . They note that Eni already has large numbers of Algerian troops inside the perimeters of its Algerian sites, while troops apparently were not posted inside the seized complex at In Amenas.So far, Mr. Scaroni has smoothly sailed Eni through Libya's chaotic transition from the regime of Col. Muammar el-Qaddafi to a new government that is still trying to find its balance. Unlike most other oil companies, Eni thrived under the Qaddafi regime, developing new fields and building a $9 billion facility at Mellitah, west of Tripoli, to pipe natural gas under the Mediterranean.
PARIS — After two lacklustre performances and an out-of-character rant at organizers all eyes will be on Rafa Nadal to see if the claycourt matador or this week's vulnerable impostor shows up to face Fabio Fognini on Saturday.Seven- times champion Nadal let his feelings be known after Parisian downpours and lop-sided scheduling left him with only one day's rest before facing the showman Italian, who has had an extra 24 hours recuperation.After being taken to four sets by Daniel Brands in round one and Martin Klizan on Friday, Nadal expects Fognini, with his flashy winners, to be in better shape."Probably my opponent is better than me, talking about physical performance, but the only thing I can say is I'm going to work as much as I can to be 100 percent ready," Nadal said."Tomorrow will be a really tough match, and I need to play better than today. I need to do it."In contrast to Nadal, Novak Djokovic looked imperious in his second-round victory over Argentina's Guido Pella, but in Grigor Dimitrov he faces a player who beat him in the second round of the Madrid Masters this month.The world number one is keen to see if the Bulgarian can back up his obvious potential."A few tournaments does not change much," Djokovic said. "Of course it can help him mentally, for his confidence and self-belief on the court, because he's got shots, he's got talent."Women's champion Maria Sharapova faces China's Jheng Zie, and third seed Victoria Azarenka opens the action on Philippe Chatrier Court against France's Alize Cornet .
TURIN, Italy — Julien Quesne of France made five birdies on the back nine to win the Italian Open by one stroke Sunday for his second European Tour victory.The 33-year-old Quesne began the day four shots off the lead and looked out of contention when he double-bogeyed the second hole. But he got one shot back on the fourth, another at the sixth and then stormed home in 31 for a 5-under 67 at the Circolo Golf Torino .Quesne, who is 81 st in the season standings, finished the tournament at 12-under, one stroke ahead of David Higgins of Ireland and Steve Webster of England.Quesne's other win came at the 2012 Open de Andalucia in Spain.Local favorite Francesco Molinari finished five strokes back on his home course.
 HALLE, Germany — It's nearly mid-June and Roger Federer is still without a title in. Back on grass in one of his favorite tournaments, Federer is confident his best is yet to come. Federer is the top- seeded player in Halle, one of the grass-court warm-up tournaments for Wimbledon . Four of his Wimbledon titles came after Federer also won in Halle ." Halle is one of my favorite places on the tour, and being successful there makes it even more likable," said Federer, who will be seeking his sixth title in the cozy event, where players step on court practically from their hotel rooms . Federer is coming off a quarterfinal loss to Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the French Open last week."Paris has little to do with Halle or Wimbledon, but looking back I am really disappointed with my match against Tsonga," Federer said. "There are days like that, but fortunately there haven't been so many in my career, and I hope there won't be that many to come." Federer reached 10 straight Grand Slam finals from, winning eight titles. He also appeared in eight major finals from, winning four. But since that run ended, Federer has played in just two of the last 13 Grand Slam title matches, winning one at Wimbledon last year.At, the winner of a record 17 major titles could be slowing down. He has also nursed a back injury during the first half of the year."I didn't really expect to necessarily win a lot of titles, and I thought I played well in Rome and Paris, until the match with Tsonga," Federer said Monday at the start of the Halle tournament.He lost the Rome final in two quick sets to Rafael Nadal, who pulled out of the Halle event to rest after his eighth French Open title ."I now feel that the best time for me is still to come in the second half of the year. It's a very important phase of the year, leading to Wimbledon and the North American swing with the U.S. Open," Federer said."To win here (in Halle ) would be a good buildup for Wimbledon," he said. Federer will also play doubles, teaming with German veteran Tommy Haas, who beat him in last year's Halle final. Federer hasn't played doubles for two years.But since arriving in Halle from Paris on Friday and practicing for three days, Federer felt he could get in some doubles matches as well, since he won't be scheduled to play singles before Wednesday."I've seldom played doubles on the tour. There is always that threat of injury; it just wasn't as much fun. But now I am in the mood to play some doubles, change it up a little. Hopefully, it may even help me in the singles," Federer said.It was a brief run, however. Federer and Haas lost, 6-4 to Jurgen Melzer and Philipp Petzschner, who are two-time Grand Slam doubles champions.The singles field also includes second-seeded Richard Gasquet, third-seeded Haas and No. 4 Kei Nishikori .In the opening singles Monday, qualifier Jan Hernych defeated Daniel Brands, 6-2, Mikhail Youzhny beat Daniel Gimeno-Traver, 6-2 and eighth-seeded Florian Mayer swept past qualifier Martin Fischer, 6-2.
(Reuters) - New AS Roma coach Rudi Garcia has a chance to succeed where his three predecessors all failed by beating Lazio in the Serie A derby on Sunday. Roma have not won any of their last five meetings against their neighbours and the 1-0 defeat in last season's Coppa Italia final was particularly bitter as it left them without European football for a second successive season.Vincenzo Montella was the last Roma coach to enjoy a win in the derby in March. Luis Enrique lost both meetings 2-1 in, followed by a 3-2 defeat for Zdenek Zeman in the first match of last season.By the time the sides met again, Zeman had been fired and interim Aurelio Andreazzoli was in charge. He managed a 1-1 draw in Serie A, only for his side to lose the end-of-season cup finalSince then, however, the tables appear to have turned in Roma's favour.The club, backed by U.S. investors, splashed out 66 million euros .1 million ) on new signings and seem to have invested wisely in Kevin Strootman, Adem Ljajic, Mehdi Benatia and Gervinho.They even made a profit in the transfer window thanks to the sales of Marquinhos, Erik Lamela and controversial Argentine-born Italy striker Pablo Osvaldo.Apart from Napoli, they are the only team to have won their opening three Serie A games, scoring eight goals and conceding only one. Club president James Palotta flew to Roma on Thursday for the game and to negotiate a contract extension for 36-year-old Francesco Totti, who is starting his 22nd season at his only professional club."We are working very well collectively, and everyone should feel important," said Garcia after the 3-1 win over Parma on Monday, when he preferred not to discuss the derby .Things have been less rosy at Lazio, who have taken six points from three games and on Sunday faced protests from their supporters over a lack of transfer activity.Fans boycotted the opening 15 minutes of the 3-0 win over Chievo Verona, missing their first goal.Joint leaders Napoli visit troubled AC Milan, who have made a stuttering start to the campaign with new signing Kaka suffering a thigh injury on his debut against Torino .Massimiliano Allegri's team have taken only four points and defeat at the San Siro would leave them playing catch-up, just as they had to last season, as well as re-igniting speculation about the coach's future.Riccardo Saponara, M'Baye Niang and Ignazio Abate returned to training on Thursday but Milan still have a lengthy injury list which includes Kaka and striker Stephan El Shaarawy.Champions Juventus (7 points, whose 1-1 draw at FC Copenhagen left them as the only Serie A side not to win in the Champions League this week, host Hellas Verona . Inter Milan and Fiorentina, also on seven points are both away. Inter travel to Sassuolo who have yet to pick up a point on their top-flight debut and Fiorentina, without injured Germany forward Mario Gomez, are at Atalanta .
(Reuters) - Cesare Prandelli has "absolutely not decided" on his future as Italy coach, he said on Thursday while pouring cold water on speculation he would quit after next year's World Cup .The Italian media have spent the last two days debating possible successors for Prandelli who revived the team after their 2010 World Cup flop and led them to the Euro 2012 final."As far as looking after my future is concerned, there is the utmost serenity," he told reporters in Palermo ahead of Friday's World Cup qualifier at home to Bulgaria."My thoughts are exclusively focused on qualifying for the World Cup, everything else will be done with the utmost transparency."I have absolutely not decided yet, we have maximum respect and concentration over what we have to do," he added.Unbeaten Italy top Group B with 14 points from six games and can guarantee first place, and qualification for the finals in Brazil, by beating Bulgaria and then Czech Republic on Tuesday.With Mario Balotelli and Pablo Osvaldo suspended, Prandelli said he had not decided on his front line for Friday's game."Bulgaria are a particularly difficult team," he said. "They are competitive, defend well and break quickly."
Italy's new prime minister, Enrico Letta, is making the best of a bad job. After the inconclusive election in February, it looked as if Italy's dysfunctional political system might drag the country further into the abyss. There was a risk that nobody would be able to form a government, that new elections would be called and that even these would end in stalemate .In the end, a grand coalition was formed involving Mr. Letta's center-left Democrats, Silvio Berlusconi's center-right People of Freedom and Mario Monti's centrist group. Putting together such a coalition was itself an achievement, given that the Democrats and Mr. Berlusconi hate one another and that the Five Star Movement, led by the comedian Beppe Grillo, refused to make deals with anybody.Even after the coalition was formed, largely as a result of pressure from Giorgio Napolitano, Italy's respected octogenarian president, there was not much hope that it could achieve anything. But Mr. Letta has been quietly getting on with changes. Part of the explanation is that he is an intelligent, modest consensus builder, rather than a charismatic figure with a big ego.Moreover, none of the big beasts of Italian politics, notably Mr. Berlusconi, are in Mr. Letta's cabinet . The prime minister, who is not even leader of his own party, keeps a fairly arm's-length relationship with the political leaders . This gives his government a semitechnocratic flavor, not vastly dissimilar to the Monti government that it replaced.The worry is that these qualities could be a source of Mr. Letta's ultimate undoing. Although he is popular now, the same was true of Mr. Monti in his honeymoon period.Mr. Letta has yet to prove he can push through, let alone sell, any really tough changes.That said, Mr. Letta's first steps have been promising. He has started to clean up the corrupt political system. Ministers, including Mr. Letta himself, now receive only the salary of a single member of Parliament, rather than the double salary they used to get. The state will also stop funding political parties : In the past decade, it gave them.5 billion, or about.3 billion, of which only €500 million was documented.Mr. Letta has also begun to unblock Italy's civil justice system, which has been a blight on business and has deterred foreign investment . Cases get gummed up in the courts for years. This gives the offending party in a dispute a perverse incentive to threaten to call in the courts . This month Mr. Letta announced a bill that aims to cut the backlog of four million cases by hiring assistant magistrates and forcing mediation.Tougher challenges lie ahead. The most immediate is how to square Mr. Berlusconi's insistence on scrapping a property tax and a planned increase in value-added tax with the need to keep the deficit below 3 percent of gross domestic product, as agreed with the European Commission .These taxes should not be scrapped at all. Insofar as Rome can cobble together any money, it should be cutting high taxes on labor to bring down Italy's youth unemployment rate, which has shot up to 40 percent as a result of the recession . Italy faces a lost generation: Some of the most talented young people are leaving the country, while many of the rest are stuck at home with few prospects.To be fair, Mr. Letta is trying to combat youth unemployment by cutting labor taxes for youngsters and is badgering other European leaders to put on the fast track a Europewide plan for funding jobs for those leaving school. He also plans to remedy one of the mistakes in Mr. Monti's labor overhaul, under which companies cannot offer people more than one fixed-term contract. This led to lots of people being kicked out of work.That said, Mr. Letta's hope of creating,000 jobs from these measures seems too modest, given unemployment of.1 million . Bolder measures are needed to cut wages and make Italy more competitive.Mr. Letta should have two other priorities. First, he should begin Italy's long-stalled privatization program. The state's debt is expected to end the year at more than 130 percent of G.D.P. and may jump higher if Rome needs to plug a capital shortfall in some of the country's banks as part of the European Central Bank's push to clean up lenders' balance sheets . Liquidating Italy's vast asset portfolio is one of the few ways of bringing debt down.Second, Mr. Letta must change the defective electoral system. He has already secured preliminary agreement on solving the biggest problem — the need for governments to secure majorities in both houses of Parliament — by reducing the Senate's power . That power was what made forming a government after the election in February so hard. But there is no agreement yet on another defect: the ability of party leaders, rather than the people, to pick individuals as members of Parliament .The risk is that Mr. Berlusconi's judicial problems could set off another political explosion before Mr. Letta makes much progress. The former prime minister has only one appeal left in a tax evasion case . If he loses that appeal, scheduled for early next year, he will no longer be able to be a member of Parliament . He might then force a snap election in the hope of winning it and so provoking a constitutional crisis .Mr. Letta might, therefore, be tempted to steer clear of any changes that antagonize Mr. Berlusconi. But there is no point in continuing as prime minister if he reaches the point where he cannot make progress in tackling Italy's deep-seated problems. That was Mr. Monti's error. Mr. Letta should have the courage to be different.Hugo Dixon is editor at large of Reuters News .
LONDON — Eighth seed Juan Martin Del Potro suffered an injury scare after moving into the last 16 at Wimbledon on Saturday with a straight sets win against Slovenia's Grega Zemlja. Del Potro fell awkwardly chasing down a drop shot in the third set, receiving treatment and taking a medical timeout before wrapping up a 7‑5 7‑6(3) 6‑0 win."I will see the doctor after here, because I was going for the dropshot and I twisted my ankle," he told reporters ."I hyper-extended my knee, as well. It was really painful. I was a little scared at that moment."I finish the match very quickly. Now I start to feel something in my knee and my ankle, as well. I will check with the doctor very soon." Del Potro, who equaled his best performance by reaching the fourth round, will now face Italian Andreas Seppi .
The Gareth Bale transfer drama appeared Friday to be reaching its merciful, and seemingly inevitable, end. Tottenham Hotspur worked to complete a deal to move Bale, its talented Welsh wing, to Real Madrid for a price that would almost certainly top the world-record fee that Madrid paid to acquire Cristiano Ronaldo in.A signing of Bale — for a reported fee of £85 million ($130 million, £5 million more than the team paid for Ronaldo — could signify the fifth time in the last 13 years that Madrid has set a transfer-fee record in adding a star.Hints that a deal was finally near began emerging late in the week, as Tottenham's technical director, Franco Baldini, traveled to Madrid for negotiations ; Real Madrid's online store briefly listed Bale's No. 11 among the player jerseys for sale on its Web site ; and a stage was built in the stands at Madrid's Santiago Bernabéu stadium.The possible move comes near the conclusion of a European summer transfer period in which several top players changed teams but none drew as much attention as Bale's slippery status.The interminable process stretched over several months, through two managers at Madrid and past a number of vows from Tottenham executives, including Coach André Villas-Boas, that Bale — a 24-year-old who scored 30 goals for Spurs last season and was the player of the year in the Premier League — would be staying put.As is often the case when a European giant like Madrid gets involved, however, money ultimately prevails. Daniel Levy, the Tottenham chairman, seemed to milk as much value out of Bale as he could, and somewhat transparently, Spurs appeared to begin spending its infusion of funds before the cash had changed hands. Tottenham spent more than $90 million this summer on Roberto Soldado, Nacer Chadli, Etienne Capoue and Paulinho, among other roster changes, and continues to pursue other signings. The additions indicate that Levy is focused on elevating the club to a Champions League place with or without Bale. Tottenham finished fifth in the Premier League last season, missing out on a Champions League place on the season's final day. Real Madrid would simply be adding Bale to a stable of stars that already includes Portugal's Ronaldo, France's Karim Benzema and Germany's Mesut Özil.Madrid failed to win a title last season, losing in the semifinals of the Champions League and finishing 15 points behind Barcelona in the Spanish standings. It parted ways with its coach, José Mourinho of Portugal, in May, replacing him with the Italian Carlo Ancelotti.Ancelotti, picking up from his predecessor, simply continued the pursuit of Bale. Interest from other clubs has followed Bale for at least a year, but it was not until July that Bale and his representatives reportedly told Tottenham officials that Bale was interested in leaving for Spain.Ancelotti did not hesitate to comment publicly on that development, telling reporters that the teams were trying to "find a solution" to the deal and angering Villas-Boas in the process.That was just the beginning of a push that lasted more than two months and featured several twists along the way, including Bale's recent injuries to a gluteal muscle and a foot — ailments that have kept him from playing for Tottenham and prompted some questions from skeptical outsiders as to their severity. There have also been several bouts of posturing from Madrid officials and Levy, who indicated that he was more than willing to simply walk away from the talks if his club's price was not met.Ultimately, negotiations between the sides continued even as the new seasons began in England and Spain this month. Bale missed all but one preseason game and has not played an official game for Tottenham since May.
 MILAN — Former AC Milan and Fiorentina forward Stefano Borgonovo has died at the age of 49 after a battle with Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis (ALS, the Italian football league said in a statement on Thursday.Borgonovo, who wrote his own autobiography despite only being able to make use of his eyes to control a computer to write it, had been suffering from the disease since. He leaves a wife and four children.He made his illness public in 2008 when he also launched the Stefano Borgonovo foundation.ALS is the most common form of motor neurone disease and also claimed the life of ex- Genoa captain Gianluca Signorini at the age of 42 in.Known as Lou Gehrig's disease in the United States after the baseball great it killed in, ALS attacks the motor neurons of the brain and spinal cord, causing swift muscle degeneration.In the general population there are around.5 cases per,000 people a year. Statistics have that there are far more cases of ALS among ex-professional footballers in Italy than among the general public .Borgonovo started his career with Como and played for Milan from 1986 to 1990 where he won a European Cup winner's medal although he was largely a reserve for Marco van Basten.He moved to Fiorentina for two seasons, then played for Pescara and Udinese . He won three caps for Italy."Thank you for everything you have taught all of us. Ciao, Stefano," wrote Real Madrid Carlo Ancelotti, one of Borgonovo's former team mates, on Twitter .
(Reuters) - Italy's break with their catenaccio system emphasising defence and tactical fouls has been a blessing for the neutrals but left their players wondering whether they might be going too far in the other direction.Cesare Prandelli's side have scored eight goals and conceded eight goals in their three Confederations Cup games so far, remarkable statistics for a team which has usually been synonymous with miserly defence."Eight goals is a bit too many," defender Giorgio Chiellini told Italian media after Saturday's 4-2 defeat to Brazil. "We have conceded too many goals from set pieces and we have to be more attentive. The problem is not the defence but the whole team."Fingers were pointed at veteran goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon who, after conceding four goals in an international for the first time in last year's Euro 2012 final loss to Spain, suffered the same fate again in Saturday's 4-2 defeat to Brazil.Buffon admitted he was at fault for Neymar's free kick which put Brazil 2-1 ahead just before the hour."The free kick should not have been conceded on my (far) post, but I didn't see the ball leave Neymar's foot," he said."There were six or seven people in front of me and I just couldn't see the ball.""I do hope we stop conceding so many goals, as it is not in our nature, although some of them were controversial."Prandelli, who took over as coach after the 2010 World Cup, has completely changed the face of the national team, also banning the histrionics which have often made watching Italy an exasperating experience.He has imposed a code of ethics which players have to follow even with their clubs.Pablo Osvaldo was kicked out of the Confederations Cup squad after publicly insulting his coach at AS Roma during the Italian Cup final against Lazio .Despite the final scoreline, Italy put Brazil under pressure in the second half and could have made it 3-3 before Fred scored Brazil's final goal late in the game."I think we saw the real Italy," said Chiellini. "With a little bit of fortune, we could have drawn or won."Prandelli said: "We played really well in the second half, I'm very happy with what I saw, the reaction, the willingness to attack in force."With a team like this you are always taking risks and if you make a mistake you concede a goal," he added.
In the spring of, Kiri Te Kanawa, the Maori-descended diva from New Zealand, had been churning out autographs in the Met Opera Shop at Lincoln Center for more than an hour when a slip of paper was placed before her bearing a name she recognized as Polynesian. She looked up and beheld Ta'u Pupu'a (TAH-ooh Pu-PU-ah, a towering 6-foot, from the microscopic island kingdom of Tonga, and briefly a defensive end in the N.F.L. until a broken arch put him out of the game. Remembering his successes as a soloist in the high school choir, he was now pursuing a career in opera."What do you do?On the bright side, he had lately landed leading roles like Cavaradossi ("Tosca, the Duke of Mantua ("Rigoletto, Pinkerton ("Madama Butterfly") and Don José ("Carmen, but with neighborhood companies called Regina and Espresso, steppingstones to more of the same. (Between gigs, he worked as a maître d' across Broadway from Lincoln Center, seating Beverly Sills and Plácido Domingo.)Ms. Te Kanawa wanted to hear Mr. Pupu'a sing. "If you don't have what it takes, I won't waste your time or my money," she told him. "If you do, I'll help you."She was leaving New York the next day for several months, but as soon as she got back, she marched Mr. Pupu'a to the Juilliard School to sing for Brian Zeger, the artistic director of the department of vocal arts. According to Mr. Pupu'a, it would have been the first time she heard him. Ms. Te Kanawa remembers otherwise."You can't present a singer without hearing him first," she said in a phone interview from Vienna. "But you do have to trust your instincts."Mr. Zeger recognized the raw talent and the limitations."There was lots of voltage and excitement to the voice," he said recently. "It wasn't superheavy. Ta'u was very frank. He had been singing by the seat of his pants. His voice was way ahead of his skills."After competitive auditions before the Juilliard voice faculty, Mr. Pupu'a won a full scholarship. He spent three years at the school playing intense catch-up on ear training, harmony, languages. In, he made his professional debut with the San Francisco Opera in assorted cameos in the new "Heart of a Soldier," by Christopher Theofanidis, having been spotted by the director Francesca Zambello in a master class."His sound, his presence and his size impressed me immediately," Ms. Zambello said from Washington . "He had an amazing childlike quality, wide-eyed and willing. It was infectious. In 'Heart of a Soldier,' he was fantastic."But by unwritten rules of the stage, a colossus like Mr. Pupu'a will stand or fall in starring roles commensurate with his stature. Tosca's Byronic lover, Cavaradossi, is such a role. Having sung the opera pre-Juilliard in a Brooklyn church, Mr. Pupu'a, now, revisited it this spring at Hawaii Opera Theater in Honolulu, opposite Jill Gardner as the Roman diva.On opening night, Mr. Pupu'a's voice rang out thrillingly in Cavaradossi's cries of victory over tyranny then scaled back to plangent tenderness in his reminiscence of a never-to-be-repeated night of love. Friends and family from Tonga were out in force, and after the show they flocked to the green room, where they conversed in their melodious native tongue.In Waikiki the next morning, Mr. Pupu'a spoke of vocality as a reflection of one's roots."When it's time to get dramatic," he said, "there's something I pull from the depths of the Pacific Ocean . A warm sound. A creamy sound. An intimate sound."The youngest of nine children, Mr. Pupu'a was born on Tongatapu, the coral-limestone speck Tongans call "the mainland." (Tonga's total land mass measures 288 square miles, slightly smaller than the five boroughs of New York.) Story has it that a great-grandmother was the songstress of an even tinier speck of an island and that no festivity was complete without her rendition of "Oh! Susanna."
MADRID — An impressive pre-season for new Real Madrid coach Carlo Ancelotti has lifted morale at the Bernabeu in the post- Jose Mourinho era and left many fans scratching their heads.If everything seems to be going so well, why should the club need to break the world transfer record to sign Tottenham Hotspur's Gareth Bale, another attacking midfielder?The nine- times European champions have been chasing Welsh winger Bale since the end of last season, with figures in excess of 100 million euros .25 million pounds ) being bandied around in the media ."It isn't clear this team needs a new recruit like this," Madrid-based sports newspaper AS said in an editorial this week, as Sunday's La Liga season-opener at home to Real Betis approached."One thing Bale has, apart from his quality, is that he fits in well with (president) Florentino (Perez)'s 'economic-sporting' project."In this sense, the more expensive the better because it will make more noise, more of an uproar, more 'marketing'. It is more an economic choice than a sporting choice."The objective shouldn't be to be the richest club in the world, but to be one that wins titles."The world's richest sports club by revenue, according to the annual survey by business services group Deloitte, have hardly been quiet in the transfer market so far as they seek to improve on a trophy -less end to the 2012-2013 season.They have already signed three midfielders, young Brazilian Casemiro and Spanish Under-21 internationals Asier Illarramendi and Isco for around 75 million euros .Right back Dani Carvajal, another Spanish Under-21 international, was also brought back from Bayer Leverkusen .Passing out in the opposite direction were Argentina striker Gonzalo Higuain, Spain defender Raul Albiol and forward Jose Callejon, and Portugal left back Fabio Coentrao may yet leave before the end of the transfer window .After the bunker-type atmosphere of Mourinho's final season at the Bernabeu, the arrival of the genial Ancelotti has been like a breath of fresh air .The hugely-experienced Italian promised to play "spectacular football " at his presentation in June and has set about changing Real's style from dominating possession with a more patient approach.In the short term, that has been widely appreciated by fans. Winning a 10th European Cup and bettering arch-rivals Barcelona remain, of course, the ultimate tests for Ancelotti.The players appeared to have responded well to the new coach and have won six and drawn one of their seven warm-up games, including victories over Paris St Germain, Inter Milan and a Chelsea side now managed by former boss Mourinho . Leading scorer Cristiano Ronaldo, who has netted an incredible 201 goals in 199 official appearances since he left Manchester United in 2009 for a record 80 million pounds, has continued where he left off last season.He has led the pre-season scoring with six strikes playing part of the time in a new central role just behind the striker, Ancelotti saying it is up to the Portugal forward to choose his favoured position.The only doubt surrounding the former World Player of the Year is his on-going contract renewal talks, though Perez insists an agreement will be reached to tie up their prize asset beyond 2015 by the end of next month.Isco, Casemiro and Luka Modric have all caught the eye in pre-season as well, and with Xabi Alonso and Illarramendi and Raphael Varane still recovering from injury, competition for places is assured.Real's exciting first-choice attacking four, in a 4-2-3-1 formation, looks likely to be Karim Benzema, Ronaldo, Isco and Mesut Ozil. Youth team players Alvaro Morata and Jese, both forwards, have also impressed and will be hugely popular additions for Madrid fans if they are still in the first team squad at the end of August."We are ready to start the season," Ancelotti said after a 3-0 thrashing of Inter Milan in the United States at the weekend. "I have been very pleased from the start with the squad I have. Why do we have to talk about Bale today, when Morata and Jese have played so well?"I am very pleased for them, they are very young but they have incredible ability."The balance of the pre-season is positive. We have worked well, with a good spirit in the team. We are ready to start."